"Oh my god!" screeched Cally. "I'm so sorry, it was an accident!"
It was a bit late for apologies now. 
Diane's body lay splayed out on the pavement, her guts wrenched from 
their original positions and her neck flexing at a disgustingly unnatural 
angle. Blood poured from her side like she was a glass being emptied; a 
dark black liquid dripped from her eyes and it trickled down her pale 
chin to form a small pool of the substance by her head. Her eyes which 
used to be as bright as sparklers on bonfire night were now a mushy 
brown colour, tainted by the foul liquid. 
       All in all the limp remains of the friend were a little too much to 
take in. Cally closed her eyes; she felt sick. Whether that was due to the 
gory state of her friend or the hysteria gripping her she did not know; it 
was probably a combination of the two. She remembered the laughter, 
the insanely high pitched giggling. The kind of noise that whined 
through the air in the most piercing of manners, the kind of sound that 
deserved to be locked up in a lunatic asylum and never let out, the kind 
of scare you were often startled by in horror films. Then Cally realised, it 
had been her. 
"Did I do this?" she murmured to herself frantically.
 She wanted to scream, she wanted to curse the world for what it had 
led her to, but most of all she needed a scapegoat, somewhere to shift 
all the blame. She leant on the wall beside her and shook off the 
dizziness. When Cally opened her eyes the first thing she saw was the 
dull grey walls of the car park. How typically atmospheric that her friend 
died in such a gloomy place! She glanced at the body and winced, it was 
thoroughly mutilated. Still leaning heavily on the wall she staggered 
around the corner and tried to hold down the bile that threatened to 
overpower her throat. Vomiting was not going to prove anything and 
neither was cradling the dead victim to her chest like they did in the 
movies. She banished the very thought from her head. This was real. 
After all, there was no doubt about it that Diane Metters was dead. 
"Cally? Cally! Where are you?!" cried a familiar voice.
The sound reverberated through the empty parking spaces. The worried 
voice was repeated a million times over in a rather creepy fashion. It 
took Cally several minutes to work out through the hazy fog of shock 
enveloping her that the voice belonged to her sister. Sure enough, 
Joanne raced around the corner of the grotty car park and as Cally laid 
eyes on her younger sister a small smirk crossed her face. This was just 
what she needed: a scapegoat.






























Jo was simply glad to see her sister. She'd been concerned when Cally 
had left the party so early on, that wasn't like her. She usually drank till 
she dropped and then Jo had to face the trials of getting her home 
somehow. It was very difficult to keep their parents in the dark with 
Cally's drunken body language splurging all over the front couch as soon 
as they arrived. But this was not right; for once Cally hadn't had a drop 
of alcohol at the weekend. When she'd left Jo's concern had only 
deepened. Now she was glad that she had followed. Cally was in some 
state. 
       Her skin was as a pale as the bones beneath them and she clung 
to the wall as if it were a life support. Jo sprinted towards her and 
skidded to a halt.
"Cally what's wrong?"
Her sister let out an ear splitting laugh verging on hysterical before 
replying.
"What isn't?"
Jo winced slightly at the high pitched noise of her laughter and frowned 
as Cally clutched the wall again. 
"Let's get you home."
To be honest, her sister looked ill.
"I'm not letting you take me anywhere!" Cally screamed.
"What! Why?" Jo asked in bewilderment.
"IT'S ALL YOUR FAULT!" Cally yelled into her sister's face. 
Jo closed her eyes and sighed. She was beginning to get annoyed.
"What is?" 
Cally pointed a quivering finger at the body behind her. Jo followed her 
sister's distraught gaze. She too spotted the disfigured corpse and 
screamed. She turned and joined Cally against the wall. She wasn't 
clinging onto it for support; she was simply trying to back away from the 
gruesome sight.
"Oh my god. Oh my god!" she whispered. "That's - that's Diane!"
"Yep."
Jo stuttered; lost for words to describe the sudden ache she felt in her 
heart and the sick feeling in her stomach. They both knew Diane well; 
she was Cally's best friend for a reason and Jo got on with her too. She 
gave far better advice than her older sister did. Cally and Di had gone to 
primary school together. Now they were in year 11. Emphasis on the 
were. But of course, all of that was over now. Jo gulped for a few 
seconds trying to form words to express the impact it had on her but all 
she could do was gasp panicked questions. Her mind felt hollow. In this 
case that meant completely devoid of the ability to construct full 
sentences.
"What did she-how did she - ?"
"How should I know? All I know is that it's all your fault." said Cally in a 
surprisingly calm voice, considering what she had just witnessed.
Jo stared at her sister wondering why she was accusing her of all 
people! She'd only just found the body. Then again, they were both in 
shock and Cally was not exactly in a sound state of mind at the moment. 
"How is this my fault?!" Jo spluttered.
"It just is." Cally confirmed.
Jo tried to ignore her sister's frustrating persistence and dropped the 
subject.
"We should call the police."
"NO."
Jo frowned in confusion. Why did her sister not want the police to know 
about this disturbing death?
"Cal they can help find out who did this to Di. They can punish them." Jo 
pointed out.
"Just don't." she said, pausing for a minute before adding "Do you want 
to be put in jail?"
Jo growled, there Cally went again blaming her younger sibling for all 
her problems. Even in horribly disturbing, life changing moments such 
as this her older sister found a way to blame Jo for everything. She 
swallowed her anger and put her hand on Cally's shoulder. Much to Jo's 
surprise she noted that her sister was shivering. Her anger lessened a 
little. 
"Listen to me, this is not my fault. How could I have done this?" she 
asked soothingly.
"You make me sick." replied Cally backing away.
She violently thrust Jo's hand off of her shoulder. Her sister cradled her 
hand, Cally didn't know her own strength but Jo did.
"Did you even see what happened?" Jo asked sceptically.
"It only takes one witness to prove that you're guilty."
Cally sounded so - for lack of a better word - confident when she said 
that; despite her faint, strangely peaceful tone. As soon as the thought 
crossed Jo's mind she was alarmed to see her sister do a perfect eye roll 
and slump backwards onto the wall by her side. Her head knocked 
gently against the hard concrete as she collapsed and her arms drooped 
limply to her sides, trapping the one she'd been using to stay upright. It 
was not the most graceful faint Jo had ever seen, but she couldn't care 
less.  She ran over to Cally, knelt beside her and started to panic further 
although that was barely possible by this point.
"Cal? Can you hear me?" 
She slapped her sister's face like she'd seen actors do in soap operas, 
but just like the TV shows it was not very effective. She drew her hand 
away to find it coated in cold sweat from Cally's cheeks. She wiped it off 
on her jeans in disgust. Jo reached for her mobile ready to dial 999 just 
like her sister had warned her not to. After all, neither of them ever did 
as they were told. It seemed to run in the family; or at least, her 
mother's side. 
       The beeps the touchscreen made rang out loudly in the silent 
car park. Jo glared at the phone, wishing she knew how to change the 
settings to a quieter one. But the sound of footsteps stopped her mid-
dial. They echoed through the lonely car park.
"Who's there?" she called.
It was only afterwards that Jo remembered it probably wasn't good to 
announce her whereabouts to the world when there was most likely a 
killer on the loose somewhere in the car park. She gave herself a good 
mental kicking and waited to see if there was a reply. 
Nothing.
The footsteps appeared to have stopped for the moment. Jo waited but 
all that remained was silence. She shook her head. Maybe she'd 
imagined it? Yes, that had to be it. It'd better be it otherwise she and 
Cally were dead meat. She glanced down at her phone. All she needed 
to dial was one more number. Then the footsteps rang out again. She 
dropped the phone onto her lap in shock. Fortunately the material of 
her jeans muted the phone's thud unlike the pavement would've done. 
Jo thanked god that she hadn't been able to dial the final number; the 
frustratingly loud beep would've lead the quiet stranger straight to 
them. All the same the footsteps were approaching. Every second they 
got nearer. Finally Jo decided she couldn't just sit here in fear and wait 
for this person to brutally murder them. She put away her phone, 
grabbed her sister's arms and attempted to drag her unconscious body 
to her feet with little success at first. After a few more tries and rude 
hand gestures that she knew she'd only be able to get away with when 
Cally was out cold Jo finally had some luck. Cally was standing. Well, 
drooping by the younger sibling's side. Jo moved in front of her sister 
and let her fall gently onto her back. She hitched her arms round her 
sides so Cally was now held in place and crept to the side of the wall. 
The coast was clear. For the moment. The steps drew nearer. Jo slowly 
walked towards the other side of the car park. Every step was a 
struggle: she had to judge her speed, strength and noise carefully in 
order to escape from this budding nightmare. Her body screamed at her 
to run but her mind told her to relax. If she ran she'd drop Cally, plus it 
would give her away to this murderer, whoever the git was. Jo started 
to count her steps in an attempt to focus on her progress, rather than 
panic. Left, right, one, two, step, step. The steady rhythm seemed to 
calm her slightly but not enough to make her forget the danger she and 
her sister were in. They had to get out of here before it was too late. If 
the stranger caught up to them - if they didn't make it - if that person 
realised - 
	Soon she was by the door. Jo turned to scan the car park one 
last time. As she analysed the distance she had just travelled she was 
amazed that she managed to make it this far. Carrying her heavy sister 
in what was effectively a piggy back position took a lot of effort. She 
shrugged in response to her thoughts, adrenaline did amazing things.
"Goodbye Di." she whispered.
She lugged Cally over to the lift. They were currently on level three; the 
sooner they made it out of the disturbing hell hole the better. She 
pressed the button and waited. It took a painful amount of time for the 
lift to arrive and Jo could feel the panic threatening to overwhelm her. 
Diane is dead. I've just seen a dead body. Her thoughts were like a stuck 
record. She simply couldn't comprehend what had just happened. 
Suddenly she felt tired and sagged under the weight of her sister. That 
was when the lift arrived, just in the nick of time. Jo fell through the 
open doors and dumped Cally on the floor. She pressed the ground floor 
button and sank down beside her sister. Cally was pretty heavy. Putting 
her down felt like a weight had been taken off of her shoulders - in this 
case literally.
	Jo felt herself relax a tiny bit, they were safe. Her stomach 
lurched as the lift jerked into motion. She closed her eyes briefly and 
took a deep breath. She was exhausted. Jo felt drained both physically 
and emotionally but she had to make one last call. It couldn't wait. Jo 
grabbed her phone and dialled the final nine.
"Hello?" she said hesitantly.
"Which service do you require?" asked a cool female voice.
"Erm... police." said Jo and then glanced at her sister. "On second 
thoughts make that an ambulance as well. My sister has collapsed and - 
and we just found a body."
"Okay." acknowledged the voice. Jo could tell that this person was 
trained to remain calm and professional. It was no comfort to the caller 
if the person on the receiving end was equally distressed. She felt 
slightly ashamed that she herself was so scared. "Where are you?"
"In a lift, but that's not important. Diane is up on the third floor of the 
London National car park."
"I'm sorry, who is Diane?"
"She's the person who's d-dead." Jo stuttered slightly on the final word 
unable to admit it to herself. "I - I couldn't stay up there. I heard 
footsteps and I think it was the person who killed her. Whoever it was 
would've got us if I hadn't -" she trailed off as her mind began to 
conduct vivid imagery concerning the possibilities of 'what if'.
"Okay, please get yourself out of the building. The police will be right 
with you."
"Thank you." said Jo.
She started to sob, the trauma finally breaking through.
"Is there anybody I can call for you?"
"Call my mum please." Jo pleaded and started to recite her mother's 
phone number.
There was a pause. For a minute Jo thought that she'd shaken the lady 
but she decided that it couldn't be that. The woman was simply busy 
calling her mother. Several minutes passed and she cried into the 
phone. Eventually the lift jolted to a stop. "I've got to go." she said to 
the lady and with that she hung up and dragged her sister out by the 
arms, no longer afraid of making loud noises. 
	She rested Cally so she was sitting up, supported by the wall 
behind her. As she made it to the pavement Jo realised that the majority 
of her panic had faded during the lift journey, now all that remained 
was the pain. Tears trickled down her cheeks like miniature waterfalls. 
Despite their size they were every bit as gushing as the real thing. She 
leant back on the wall of the car park entrance and put her face in her 
hands. She cried openly as she tried not to remember what had just 
happened. Strangely enough the thing that upset her the most was the 
fact that her sister had blamed her for it all. How dare she! 
       Jo glared down through the film of tears at her unconscious 
sibling. What was she even doing in that car park in the first place? All of 
a sudden Cally had just snuck off for no reason whatsoever. Jo sniffed. 
Cally usually stuck around for the drinks. She groaned internally as she 
remembered something vital. The lady on the phone had called her 
mum and contacted the police for her. Everything about their weekend 
parties was going to come out in the open. That could be awkward. 
       Jo sighed. Cally loved a good drink and made the most of it 
when she could get one. The parties were her idea, but Jo came along of 
her accord. Cally never forced her into anything. She knew that in her 
parent's eyes they'd think she was just as bad as her sister. Jo enjoyed a 
drink from time to time plus she wanted to keep an eye on her "oh so 
independent" sibling. Cally had a knack for getting herself into unusual 
scrapes, mainly due to what people could manipulate her into when she 
was drunk. Despite being younger than her sister Jo felt she was way 
more mature. Cally simply needed a chaperone. However Jo knew that 
no matter what happened part of the blame was going to fall on her for 
not telling anyone. It wasn't like she'd never told anyone, in fact she'd 
been instructed to invite her friends but she knew that if she used that 
excuse in an argument her mother would only grow angrier. She got 
angry enough with the sisters without the extra baggage of what they 
got up to at the weekends. 
       The sound of a siren cut through Jo's trail of thought and she 
was glad, if she wasn't careful she'd start thinking about her parents. 
That was never a good subject to dwell on. A police car swerved round 
the bend and screeched to a stop. Uniformed men got out from the car, 
one giving orders to the rest before coming over to the sisters. On 
closer inspection Jo realised that this person was actually a woman. She 
felt herself go red. But then again with the lady's hair tucked up in her 
hat like that how was anybody meant to tell what gender she was from 
the back?
"What's your name kid?" she asked.
Jo was still crying but managing to keep her sobbing to a minimum in 
order to respond.
"Jo. That's my sister Cally." she responded nodding in her sister's 
direction.
"You two need to stay put. My men are going to check out the building."
"Okay."
Jo glanced at her sister, staying put for once would not be so tricky. The 
policewoman caught her sideways glance and her expression softened.
"Don't worry; an ambulance is going to arrive soon. But for now you 
need to wait." The lady turned and yelled a command. "Rory can you 
keep an eye on these two for me?"
Rory did not look too pleased about having to babysit but walked over 
all the same. He reminded Jo a lot of Cally when she was in a sulk. Her 
sister was renowned for her spectacular sulking skills; Jo admired it from 
a distance as it generally meant that Cally was in a bad mood for weeks.
"Fine." he agreed reluctantly.
"Don't give me that look. If this girl is right there's a murderer up there, 
you owe me. I want you on your best behaviour." 
The man curbed the urge to roll his eyes and nodded meekly instead. 
The woman turned and directed the other policemen into the car park. 
As soon as she was out of sight Rory started grumbling.
"I swear she's doing this on purpose." he muttered to himself. "Why 
couldn't Greg babysit? He's even good with kids! I swear she's-"
"I'm fourteen." interrupted Jo, angry at being referred to like she was a 
toddler. "I'm not a baby."
Rory looked affronted. 
"Who said you could talk?"
Jo rolled her eyes.
"Who said I couldn't? My point is I don't need someone to look after 
me."
"Well it's just as well you have someone anyways. People with that 
attitude find themselves needing help the most." 
If this was said by any other person it may have sounded like an insult, 
but this policeman sounded grim and slightly sad. It reminded Jo that 
she was a kid and he was an adult. He was only keeping an eye on her as 
instructed.
"Sorry. It's been one hell of an evening." Jo apologised wiping her eyes 
with her sleeve.
Rory looked slightly bewildered.
"Now I've seen everything, an apologetic teenager?" Jo frowned at his 
stereotyping but decided not to comment. "What was it exactly that 
happened in there?"
"You mean you came out here but you didn't know?"
"That pretty much sums it up."
Jo found herself going over the story, delving into such detail that Rory 
shuddered as she described the body.
"O-okay I'm sorry for belittling you can you please stop with the gore?!" 
he spluttered after Jo had gone on a tangent about the angle of Diane's 
neck.
She gave him a watery smile and moved on. Despite his initial ignorance 
to the ways of teen-kind he seemed surprisingly good at listening. By 
the time she'd finished the ambulance arrived and she was distracted by 
the medics attending to her sister. They needed to know how long Cally 
had been out for and details like that. Jo went on autopilot from there 
on and Rory left her to it.
***
The policewoman emerged from the entrance. 
"There's a body up there. Pretty mutilated."
"Tell me about it." 
The lady frowned but decided to leave it.
"Did you get anything out of her?"
"Everything - a little too much if anything. I think she needed to vent."
She smiled. 
"Well that's something. I know you are our newest recruit but you're 
the best interrogator I've ever met." she said warmly. Rory grinned at 
the praise. "I just hope for your sake that the stuff you were mumbling 
earlier about me was part of the act." 
His smile abruptly faded. He hoped that the lady was joking but it was 
virtually impossible to tell with this woman. She smirked and went to 
talk to the medics leaving Rory slightly lost for words.
	 "How is she?" asked the policewoman.
"Still out cold, but she'll live." replied the nurse. "There were a few 
other things worth noting about her symptoms however, we'll need to 
take her to hospital to do a few tests which we can't do without 
parental consent."
"Their mother has been contacted, she'll be here soon. Don't leave until 
she's arrived." she informed the medics. "How long will we have to wait 
before we can interrogate her properly?" 
The medic looked slightly shocked at the suggestion. She had to remind 
herself that the kids had been at the site of a murder most brutal 
although Rory described it as yucky when he examined the pictures 
later.
"At least a day. Never mind the tests, those kids will need a little time to 
get over the physiological trauma of seeing the remains of a good 
friend."
"They have two hours."
The nurse's mouth fell open. It didn't take a genius to realise that 
timescale was ridiculous.
"But-" began the woman.
"My husband died, I got over it." 
"In two hours?" said the nurse dubiously.
For a moment the strong policewoman seemed broken. For a minute 
the nurse saw through the cracks in her disguise and the defiant lady 
before her seemed depressed and downtrodden. But soon the hood of 
the disguise was back up.
"In less." retorted the policewoman and with that she strode off 
towards the curb.
She pretended to be looking at the photos but was really keeping an eye 
for the girls' mother in an attempt to distract herself from the thoughts 
of her late husband. The sooner the mother arrived the better, the 
policewoman wanted to get this case done and over with. She felt her 
stomach twist at she glanced briefly at the gruesome photo in her hand. 
This case felt all too familiar. But then again, her thoughts were never 
straight with Michael on the brain.
	Thankfully the sound of screeching tyres brought the 
policewoman out of her reverie. A red Peugeot squealed to a halt by the 
roadside and a woman in her mid-thirties stepped out from the car. Her 
striking red hair dangled down her concerned face as she raced over to 
the ambulance.
"WHAT THE HELL HAPPENED?" she shouted.
The policewoman frowned; this was obviously the girls' mother. The 
likeness between her and Jo was clear already, as they both shared the 
vibrant auburn hair tones. She could see Jo trying and failing to explain 
what had taken place in the car park. The girl looked genuinely scared, 
more so than she'd been when the policewoman had first seen her. 
Rory who had also been watching this exchange decided he should go 
over to calm things down a bit. The last thing Jo needed was her 
mother's yells giving her an earful.
"Please calm down Miss." he said nipping over to the ambulance.
"CALM DOWN? ONE OF MY DAUGHTERS IS UNCONSCIOUS!" 
"I know it's a lot to take in-"
"THAT'S A BIT OF AN UNDERSTATEMENT!"
"I will explain everything right here and now if you'll shut up for a 
second. If you want to keep your other daughter from collapsing the 
least you can do is stop yelling." said Rory, a hint of irritation creeping 
into his voice.
The mother's chest swelled up, she heightened herself slightly, her face 
reddened and Rory winced in preparation for her rage to overflow. But 
much to everyone's surprise she enveloped Jo in a tight hug. Jo was 
equally shocked; she managed to force a smile as she peeped over her 
mother's shoulder. At such a close proximity it was only her who could 
hear the sigh of relief the woman emitted.
"Mum I can't breathe." Jo gasped.
"Oh. Sorry darling." She let go. Jo massaged her arms where her 
mother's grip had cut off the blood circulation. The woman turned to 
face Rory. "Explain."
"Well we got an emergency call from - what is your name Miss?"
"Aileen." she replied impatiently rolling her eyes at the question.
Jo however could see through her act. Her mother was annoyed on the 
outside but on the inside she was just relieved that her daughters were 
okay. Well, in some respects. Jo could also tell that Aileen was enjoying 
Rory's obvious nervousness around her. The policeman started to 
launch into an explanation and as he did so the policewoman in charge 
strolled over casually to join them. However halfway through his 
account of the story Jo had told him they were interrupted by a medic 
who wanted to talk to the police.
"Now the girl's mother -" 
"Her name is Cally." interrupted Aileen.
"Now Cally's mother -"
"My name is Aileen."
Jo smiled slightly. Despite everything her mother had still retained the 
ability to be extraordinarily difficult; she was spectacular at winding 
people up. Not so different from a certain sister she knew. Although 
many people told her she was the mirror image of her mother Jo knew 
that Cally acted a lot more like her: a hothead with an attitude of her 
own.
"Anyways, now you're here Aileen we need your consent to run Cally 
through a few tests once we arrive at the hospital."
"You've got it."
On hearing this news the policewoman felt she ought to intervene.
"Aileen, you do realise that when your second daughter is conscious we 
will need to interrogate her."
"Can't you give her some breathing space?" argued Jo's mother.
"Do you understand me?" 
Something authoritive in the policewoman's voice seemed to take 
Aileen by surprise and she found herself replying meekly.
"Yes."
"Call us when she's awake."
And with that the police officers stepped back, the double doors of the 
ambulance closed and Jo found herself being whisked away from the 
scene of a crime.
***
After the Doctor's verdict Cally had to stay at the hospital. As Aileen 
drove her other daughter home there was an awkward silence in the 
car. It was rather stifling in fact. Being the mother Aileen felt she ought 
to say something, but was unsure of what. After all, she was every bit as 
upset as Jo. On the bright side she hadn't known Diane too well. Except 
for the occasional play date with the girls she'd never really met the 
friend properly. Plus Jo had finally stopped crying. As for Cally, she'd be 
fine. She had to. She was a strong girl. Her occasional tantrums proved 
that much at least.
"It's going to be okay." she murmured in what she hoped was a 
reassuring voice. 
Jo nodded but said nothing. Normally Cally filled up this silent space 
with her loud chatter. Without her the car felt empty. 
	Both mother and daughter were relieved when they arrived at 
home. But the house seemed haunted by Cally's absence. Jo jumped 
when the doorbell rang. It was probably a friend from the party 
wondering where she'd got to, making a house call to check that she 
wasn't chickening out of another night out. It wouldn't be the first time.
"I'll get it!" Jo called and ran to the door. She was glad for the intrusion; 
anything that would take her mind off everything else was welcome. 
However when she opened it she was surprised to find Cally's boyfriend 
standing at their doorstep. "Dolph? What are you doing here?"
"Wouldn't you like to know!" he sneered. "Where's Cally?"
"I'm not telling you until you tell me why you're here." Jo retorted. 
She had never particularly liked her sister's taste in men. This boyfriend 
was a few years older than Cally and was in sixth form. The age 
difference wasn't what bothered her however.
"She disappeared from the party."
"You only just noticed?" Jo said raising an eyebrow.
"Well yeah, she promised that afterwards we'd -" he paused. "never 
mind."
Jo sighed. As far as she was concerned Dolph was a jerk. Sure he was 
hot, with his spiked up black hair and chocolate coloured eyes, but looks 
aren't everything. He was the classic bad boy stereotype you read about 
in books and who were littered in clichéd films, the type who only 
wanted one thing. One thing that wasn't even legal at the age of fifteen 
for his girlfriend.
"So you came down here to find her. How touching." she remarked 
mockingly.
"Yep, so where is she?" he responded totally missing Jo's sarcasm.
"She's at the hospital Dolphin." she replied using the nickname she 
loved to taunt him with.
He glared at the use of it but ignored her.
"What's she doing there?" he asked stupidly.
Jo analysed his facial expression in amusement. It was a cross between a 
pained look, a worried one and the gormless expression usually present 
on his face.
"Getting better."
"She seemed fine at the party."
"Well she wasn't afterwards. Goodbye Dolph."
Jo started to shut the door on him but he put his foot inbetween her 
and the door as it closed. He winced in pain as it slammed against his 
foot and hopped away from the doorstep clutching it.
"Please Jo; I have to know if she's okay. I'm her boyfriend." he pleaded.
She sighed. Maybe Dolph did love Cally but he had one hell of a way to 
show it. She opened the door a tiny bit wider so she could see him 
through the gap.
"I don't know if she's okay."
"But you said-" 
"I don't know Dolph!" Jo snapped.
"Great. So much for tonight." he said and stormed off.
"If you want to see her so much why don't you go to the hospital?" Jo 
called after him.
"She can't kiss me if she's sick." 
On hearing this Jo slammed the door properly. 
	She raced upstairs to her bedroom. Her mother watched her in 
confusion and followed. Aileen poked her head round the door and saw 
her daughter crying into her pillow with a fresh set of tears. She didn't 
know how to deal with this. Cally she understood. When she was angry, 
frustrated or upset she threw things and lashed out at everybody 
around her. However Jo was a lot more like her father. If she felt any 
one of those emotions instead of exploding she'd implode until the 
feelings came rushing out of her bottled up insides. In Jo's case it was in 
the form of tears. In her father's case it had been leaving. Aileen 
decided to leave her daughter to it, if she said anything she had a feeling 
she'd only make it worse. She knew she wasn't the best mother in the 
world. So generally she left her kids to do what they wanted unless it 
was something bad or stupid like smoking. The mother walked away 
from her daughter's bedroom and went back downstairs to get on with 
filling out her divorce papers.
	Meanwhile Dolph was on his way to the hospital. It wasn't too 
far a walk from Cally's house. He had decided that maybe Jo was right. 
Despite her irritating way of putting things (especially his name) there 
was a certain depth of reasoning behind most of it. Cally lacked that. A 
lot of what she said made little sense to him but she was beautiful and 
she was his which made up for it. He owed it to her as her boyfriend to 
go visit, maybe if he was lucky he'd get a sympathy snog for all the 
effort he'd made to walk over. He grinned at the thought of that before 
remembering his counter argument for not visiting in the first place. If 
Cally had some kind of disease maybe she could pass it on to him? He 
hoped she didn't. That could put a real downer on their relationship. 
He'd have to start seeing other people. 
	Finally Dolph arrived at the hospital ward. He was a little unsure 
of what to do or say; despite his bad boy reputation he hadn't visited 
the place since he was born. He walked awkwardly through the white 
entrance halls. The colours were all one blinding shade as you'd expect 
at such a place. Finally he came across a white reception. He was 
surprised by how far away it was from the entrance. He pushed up to 
the front of the queue much to most people's annoyance and waited 
patiently for the receptionist to finish on the phone. Eventually the 
woman hung up and turned to face him. Fortunately for Dolph the 
woman hadn't seen him push in and ignored the loud grumblings 
behind him, taking it as the people simply complaining at how slow the 
line was today. After all, the hospital was extremely busy.
"Hello how can I help you?" she said, looking slightly worn out by 
today's amount of visitors.
"Erm...I want to see Cally Sanders."
"Okay," the woman started to flip through a list of names next to her. 
"What injury does she have?"
"I don't know."
The lady paused.
"You don't know?"
"Her sister wouldn't tell me anything useful." Dolph replied groaning at 
the memory.
"How are you related to this patient?"
"I'm not. I'm her boyfriend. I need to see her."
"I'm sorry but at the moment its family visits only for that girl." she said. 
"This place is crowded enough as it is." she muttered quietly to herself.
"Look lady I need to see her!"
"Well you can't."
Dolph slammed his hand down on the desk in anger. The receptionist 
barely flinched. The people behind him however jumped.
"I am practically family!"
"Do I need to call security?" she sighed, a slightly bored tone to her 
voice.
"Quite possibly." he muttered and skulked off. He headed up the stairs 
despite the receptionist's warning. "Looks like I'm just going to have to 
find her myself."
Now that Dolph had made the effort to get here, he was determined to 
actually see his girlfriend.
	The place was a maze filled with twisting white corridors. At the 
very least the wards were labelled but Dolph found this was not enough 
to make his way round the hospital. What he really needed was a "you 
are here" map. After a considerable amount of time wandering, asking 
for directions and having tired feet he found Cally. Or rather, she found 
him. 
"Dolph!" she cried in surprise. 
"Ah." he said, turned round and rushed over to her. He frowned. "You 
don't look too good."
"Well duh, I'm in a hospital bed." Cally pointed out. "It's good to see 
you, have you brought me anything?"
Dolph paused to think of an excuse for not bringing her something, one 
which didn't suggest that he simply didn't care enough about her to be 
bothered. He knew that would be what her sister would say.
"I only just found out!" he said. "Give me a break."
"Well, you came and that's the main thing."
Cally patted the bedside. Dolph sat down and attempted to snuggle up 
to her as much as he could. It was not the easiest job, but perhaps if he 
pretended to enjoy cuddling he'd get a little more than that. Cally 
giggled. 
"You know you said that after the party -"  he began.
Her smile abruptly faded. 
"Dolph, look at me. I'm not exactly in the state for it now." He looked at 
her reluctantly and couldn't help but agree. "I'm tired. Aren't you even 
curious about what happened?"
Dolph glanced at the room around the hospital bed. It told him 
everything he needed to know.
"All I can tell is that it made you upset."
There was a trail of broken things littered throughout the room. It was 
one of the clear tell-tale signs that Cally was unhappy. He knew from 
experience.
"You know me so well." she sighed, completely unaware of the mess 
around her.
Then again, she didn't remember making much of it. The doctors had 
had to sedate her after that particular outburst.
"So what happened?" asked Dolph, a hint of frustration added to his 
voice.
 He'd come up here for a reason but it looked like Cally wasn't in the 
mood. He wished she'd follow up on her promise; every time he 
brought it up she put it off. This time round he had thought that maybe 
things would be different - apparently not. 
"Jo killed Diane."
Dolph squinted in an attempt to remember who Diane was. He hadn't 
been with Cally for that long and he preferred not to fraternise with the 
friends.
"Is Diane that girl who hangs around with you at school and is always 
saying shit about me like your sister?"
"Yeah."
Dolph was tempted to say good riddance, it was certainly what he was 
thinking but he had a feeling that wouldn't go down too well with his 
girlfriend. He groaned. He really hated patience. Cally took it for a 
sympathetic groan.
"What did she do that for?"
"How am I supposed to know?" she snapped. 
"She's your sister!"
"I guess."
"How can you be unsure of whether she's your sister!? Is she actually 
adopted?" Dolph asked.
Cally laughed, assuming it was a joke. He frowned. If it was a joke it was 
completely unintentional. All the same he decided to go along with it 
and laughed along with her.
"I just meant she's so unlike me it's difficult to imagine we are family." 
She grinned slightly at their misunderstanding. "You always know how 
to cheer me up."
"I'm not surprised it was Jo who killed her, she can be pretty mean." he 
added.
"Yeah. She's so judgemental! She's always keeping an eye on me - like I 
can't look after myself and she never even tries to appreciate my 
brilliant boyfriends." Dolph frowned at the plural of boyfriends but said 
nothing. "That was the one thing that me and Diane argued about: my 
choice in men. Jo is so good at turning people against me. It's not fair. I 
know for a fact that you care about me." Cally said.
Dolph smiled, this was the perfect opportunity. He leaned towards her. 
Their faces were barely an inch apart.
"I second that."
Then he started to kiss her. Cally's eyes widened in surprise but she 
began to kiss him back too. He moved his hand down her back slowly 
but the call of a doctor made them stop.
"What are you doing here?"
Dolph glanced behind him and groaned. This was just typical. 
"Dolph? Didn't the receptionist let you up?" Cally asked, curious as to 
the doctor's surprise at the presence of her boyfriend.
 "Okay so I sort of snuck in, so what? I needed to see you babe."
A beaming smile covered her face at the use of the 'b'word. 
"You snuck in just for me?"
But this exchange had the doctor striding towards them.
"Got to go. Love you later." Dolph said. 
He felt mildly disappointed. What a dismal visit! It had been rather 
dreary and it seemed like the only thing Cally wanted to talk about were 
her feelings. What about his? He walked all the way over to visit her and 
barely got a mention. But footsteps reminded him that he had other 
things to focus on.
       Dolph span around on the spot to face the doctor looming over 
him. He was a rather tall man, with an overbearing moustache that 
made his head look tiny in proportion to the rest of his body. Dolph 
ducked past the man's arm and made a race for the exit. He thought he 
could hear footsteps chasing after him so he made a mad dash for the 
silent ward he'd been in earlier. Nobody was allowed to make any noise 
in there. He ran through the corridor ignoring the shushes coming at 
him from people in all directions down in the ward. He could hear the 
doctor's footsteps fade to a stop. Dolph felt rather smug and slowed to 
a walk at the end of the corridor, to tease the man in the white coat 
further. Then he glanced behind him. The doctor was speed-walking 
with an angry but determined look on his face. Dolph started to run 
again however the doctor had the advantage of knowing his way around 
the hospital properly whilst Dolph was simply guessing. He felt a little 
like he was going round in circles. He was trying to find the route he'd 
used to come up in the first place. After what felt like ages (and 
probably was) he found the staircase he'd climbed up initially and raced 
down it. As he reached the ground floor of the hospital the receptionist 
who'd denied him entrance to see Cally in the first place noticed him.
"What are you still doing here?" she called.
Wasn't it obvious? Dolph thought to himself. He was running.
"Running." he yelled to her. 
The receptionist glared at him, sighed to herself and started to call 
security. Dolph sped up considerably.
***
Rory knew it was getting late but he had to finish this report. He hated 
being stuck in the office, but it wasn't like he had anything better to do. 
He sighed and continued to write things up. He knew he wasn't terribly 
good at it but the woman in charge always left him with this work. He 
swore that she did it on purpose but couldn't really prove anything 
much to his annoyance. Rory glanced at his superior's office. It was 
empty. So why was the light on? He sighed and went to turn it off but as 
he opened the door he saw the policewoman asleep with her head on 
the desk. Her brown hair that was normally tied into a neat bun 
cascaded over her face. She looked peaceful when she was asleep, 
instead of the strict woman she was during the day. He'd never really 
noticed it before but with her hair down she looked - pretty. However 
the circles under her eyes detracted from that a bit. There was a cup of 
coffee on her desk. As he entered she awoke suddenly, jumping up from 
her seat.
"Oh. It's just you."
"Sorry, I didn't mean to wake you. I didn't realise you were still in here 
in fact."
"Why are you still in the department? It's close to midnight."
Rory wanted to ask her the same question.
"I had to finish off that report." he explained dangling the paper in front 
of her face. "It's still not done yet."
"Oh. Right. Well, I can do that. You go home and get some sleep; it's 
been a busy day. I want you ready for tomorrow."
"Alright then. If you're sure..."
"I'm sure."
The policewoman took the paper from his hand. 
"Thanks." said Rory, mildly surprised by his superior's behaviour.




















He felt that he caught her in a vulnerable moment and it was quite a 
bizarre feeling. He started to leave but halfway out of the door he 
turned.
"Yes Rory?"
"Linda -" He paused realising his mistake. Nobody ever called her by her 
first name. He moved on quickly hoping to detract from it. "are you 
okay?"
"I'm fine." she assured him with a tired smile. "And if you ever use my 
name again I'll see to it that you get demoted."
Rory left the room abruptly. He knew he was lucky to get off with that 
warning.
	She smiled after him. He was a good policeman. She liked him 
more than she'd care to admit, especially to herself. Not that she'd ever 
let him know she thought of him that way. He made dumb mistakes 
sometimes, but generally ones that couldn't be helped. 
       One that could've been helped however was the time he 
arrested a five year old for murder. That was back when he'd only just 
become a policeman. When she had come to investigate it turned out 
that the kid was just trying to make a dramatic tea party through killing 
off her dolls. It was a rather embarrassing mistake but you'd think that 
the man would know better than to listen to the word of a five year old 
and take her seriously without a pinch of salt. She'd covered for him 
that day, because she liked him. Linda thought Rory had potential and 
just needed a little experience to prove her right. As a result he owed 
her which came in handy from time to time. But the best part was that 
Linda had been right. She loved it when that happened.
       Anyways she needed to get this report done. Tiredness was no 
excuse although she often wished it was. She hated today's case. Not 
only was it disgusting but the death rang true. This wasn't the first 
person to die in such an aggravatingly horrible way. The sooner they 
could interrogate that other girl the better. They needed information if 
they wanted to catch this killer. Linda sighed and read over what Rory 
had written so far. He'd barely got half way through the story of the day 
but at least what he had said was thorough instead of the ramblings she 
sometimes received in reports. That was one of the main reasons why 
she chose Rory to write these things out. What he wrote made a certain 
amount of sense. He was able to get his head around things. Linda knew 
she'd always been rubbish at this but started to write all the same. 
Something had to go down on the paper, whether she liked it or not. 
They needed to catch this vile hooligan and unfortunately for her every 
detail was important.
        She picked up the photos attached by paperclip to the report 
and looked at them. This was the worst murder victim picture she'd 
seen in a long time. It made her shudder. Linda started to write. Slowly 
but surely the words tumbled onto the page. It wasn't exactly how she 
wanted things to be conveyed but she knew that no matter how gory 
the image a little description had to be provided. She rushed through 
the report and read it through to check the content. Her internal editor 
cringed. The difference between what she'd written and what Rory had 
done was painfully clear. But it would have to do. She read through it a 
second time, this time to check spellings. She'd once been given a 
report that misspelt the word capture. Silly mistakes like that were 
embarrassing to look back on and awkward to hand in. Since she was 
tired she knew that she'd probably made plenty of spelling mistakes. 
She sipped her coffee and started to look back through it but noise 
outside her office distracted her. The light had been turned on. She 
frowned and put down the paper. She walked out of her office.
"Hello?"
"Hi." said Rory. He looked worried. "I think I left my house key here."
Linda restrained herself from laughing. Instead she responded with a 
simple comment.
"Clever." 
Rory glared at her. 
"I didn't do it on purpose."
He started to search his desk for them. She felt a bit guilty that she was 
just standing there. 
"Do you need a hand?"
"Yes please." he replied.
"What does it look like?"
Rory gave her a look.
"Like a key."
Linda rolled her eyes and joined him on her hands and knees to find it.
"I see you still have to finish my report." he commented, attempting to 
make light conversation whilst they searched. She nodded. "Maybe I'm 
not the only person who needs to go home and get some sleep."
"No, I need to get this done."
"Linda how are you meant to focus on anything if you're tired enough to 
fall asleep in your office? It's a big day tomorrow. We'll be interrogating 
the other girl."
She was too tired to notice the way Rory was using her own words 
against her.
"She's awake?"
"You're obviously not. I used your first name. Aren't you going to 
demote me?"
"Oh." 
She rubbed her eyes. Maybe he was right. Then her eyes widened as she 
caught a glimpse of dull grey metal. Rory noticed her reaction.
"What is it?"
Linda reached under the desk carefully, laying down on her belly and 
then dragged her arm back. Her hand was clutching the key. She sat up.
"Look what I found." she said proudly. She dangled the key in front of 
his face teasingly. "I'm not tired enough to miss what's right in front of 
me."
He tried to snatch them off her but she jerked away.
"Come on!" he moaned. "Of all the times to act like a kid you choose 
now?"
"I'm not hyper; I'm on a caffeine high which has just hit. That's how I 
stay awake half of the time. Now catch me if you can!" He rolled his 
eyes. "Do you want your key or not?" she added before racing off into 
the darkness of the police department. 
Rory grinned a little despite himself and chased after her.
	It was just those two officers left in the entire place. It was silent 
apart from their footsteps. Rory could only imagine the shocked looks 
on the other policemen's faces if they were here to witness this truly 
remarkable event: the event of Linda relaxing a little. When she wasn't 
being strict she was busy with work, when that wasn't the problem 
something else always managed to get in the way. He had to admit that 
it was good to see her happy, even if it was only for a few minutes 
because of a caffeine high. 
       Rory raced through the darkness of the dimly lit offices. He was 
making good pursuit as far as he could tell and could just about make 
out Linda in the distance. She proceeded to lead him in circles around 
the department. Rory was about to catch her when he tripped over a 
bin he was unable to spot in the dark. She stopped running and came 
over to him. 
"You alright?"
"Yeah. Stupid bin."
She chuckled and went to turn on the light.
"Looks like I win." she said and looked down at her hand but it was 
empty. 
Rory held up the key. He'd snatched it off her just before she went to 
turn on the light. In the darkness she didn't notice.
"I don't think so." he announced triumphantly.
"You know, in different circumstances you would make a good 
pickpocket."
As she walked over to help him up she felt the tiredness weigh down on 
her. She stopped.
"You okay?"
"I think the caffeine is wearing off."
"Let's go home then." 
***
	The next morning was the day of the interrogation. Linda didn't 
know how Rory had found out that the girl was conscious, but she didn't 
particularly care. This had to be done as soon as possible. Her grip 
tightened on the driving wheel in anticipation.
	Aileen's grip was also tight on her daughter's hand as they 
arrived at the hospital. Jo quite frankly just wanted to get the whole 
thing done and over with, hoping that maybe Cally would've come to 
her senses by now and wouldn't be blaming her for such a horrific 
crime. Her mother was trying her best not to lash out at anyone, 
preparing herself mentally for the interrogation. She knew that she was 
angered easily but didn't want to do anything stupid during the 
interview. They joined the queue stretching out from reception and 
waited. After a good five minutes or so they finally got to the front and 
were able to talk to the receptionist. 
"Hello how can I help you?" the woman asked.
"We're here to see Cally Sanders."
"How are you related to the patient?"
"I'm her mother." replied Aileen.
"I'm her sister." said Jo.
"Okay, she's on floor 3 in the Dresden ward. You're not her first 
visitors."
"The police must have already got here." sighed Aileen.
"Police?" said the receptionist in surprise. "No, she had a visitor 
yesterday. He wasn't family so I didn't tell him where she was but he 
found her all the same. He claimed to be her boyfriend, but didn't even 
know what her medical problem was."
"Dolph." said Jo and her mother in unison.
"I hope he didn't cause too much of a commotion." Jo said half-
heartedly.
"He ran down a ward which has to be kept silent at all times." said the 
receptionist raising an eyebrow. Jo was not terribly surprised. It was 
safe to say that Dolph was good at causing trouble. "Doctor Rogers 
discovered him kissing the patient. When he asked what the boy was 
doing there he ran off."
"That sounds like him." Jo murmured to herself.
"Come on Jo, let's go see Cally."
She thanked the receptionist and they set off.
       Aileen was still holding her daughter's hand. Her clasp however 
had tightened considerably as they made their way up the stairs.
"Mum you're going to break my hand at this rate."
"Sorry." But her grip did not lessen, if anything it grew stronger. Jo could 
tell that she was seething. "I'm going to have a word with that boy if it's 
the last thing I do!" 
"Let's focus on the interrogation first." Jo reminded.
She took her mother's silence for agreement and they continued to go 
up the stairs. Eventually they arrived at the right floor. It took them 
nowhere near as long as Dolph had to find the right ward.
	On seeing her sister Jo ran over to the bed she was laying in but 
to her surprise Cally simply glared at her. When Jo reached out to take 
her hand she shied away. From the look on her face Jo could tell that 
Cally seemed to be repulsed by the idea of being touched by her own 
sister.
"Cally?" she said in confusion.
However then her mother came to Jo's side and Cally's reaction to her 
was a complete opposite to how she'd been towards her sister. She 
pulled her mother in for a hug much to Jo's surprise. Cally was not a 
hugging kind of person as far as she was aware. Aileen was also startled 
but happy to embrace her daughter.
"Thank god you are alright!" 
"The doctor said I could come home today."
"I thought they said they had to do tests?" Jo pointed out.
"They didn't take as long as the doctor thought they would." Cally 
replied with an unusually smug tone to her voice.
Aileen smiled at this, but then remembered the news she'd been fuming 
about on the way up.
"We heard about Dolph's visit yesterday."
"More like a break in." Jo muttered.
At the mention of this Cally beamed.
"Yes, isn't it sweet of him?"
Aileen seemed mildly shocked by this point of view, and re-thought her 
anger to find herself agreeing with Cally. In a way, it was rather 
romantic. Jo, who knew his real motives, wasn't impressed.
"Did he even bring you anything?" asked Jo.
Cally glared at her.
"He'd only just found out I was in hospital."
"I'll take that as a no."
"Well I don't see you bringing me anything!" Cally snapped. 
Jo was hurt by her sister's accusation and reached into the bag she'd 
brought with her to the hospital. She pulled out a card she'd made 
herself and a box of chocolates before placing them on the bedside.
"Home has been -" Jo paused trying to think of a word to describe it. "- 
weird, without you."
Cally picked up the card and examined the front of it, squinting at Jo's 
bad attempt at drawing.
"What's that supposed to be?"
"You, all better."
"Congratulations, you've managed to make me look like a giraffe." Next 
Cally turned her head to look at the chocolates. "And within a few days' 
time I'm going to be a really fat giraffe."
"Now Cally, it's the thought that counts." said her mother.
Cally didn't look convinced. Jo looked down, trying to avoid her sister's 
eyes. 
"So did the doctors work out why you collapsed in the first place?" 
Aileen said eager to change the subject.
"Something about exhaustion, but my symptoms were weird so they're 
not entirely sure about anything at the moment. That's why they had to 
do the tests, but they didn't really confirm anything."
Cally's eyes widened as she caught sight of policemen walking into the 
ward.
"What are they doing here?"
"I don't like it either darling but they have to interrogate you."
"What?! NO. I'm not answering any of their questions." Cally protested.
"You've got nothing to hide, so what is the big deal?" said Jo.
Cally shot daggers at her sister when she made this remark. 
"I don't exactly want to re-live the experience."
Jo was unsympathetic. She already had.
"Tough."
Before Cally could retort the policewoman was by her side, 
accompanied by the man who had been on 'babysitting duty' with Jo 
yesterday at the car park.
"Is it okay if we ask a few questions?" said the policewoman.
"No. Bog off!" Cally exclaimed.
The lady's expression hardened into a frown.
"Let me rephrase that, we need to ask you a few questions."
"Go ahead. I'm not going to give you any answers." said Cally 
stubbornly.
"Cally please." said Aileen.
Her daughter sighed in irritation.
"Fine. Make it quick."
The policewoman nodded to the man beside her.
"Why were you in the car park at the time of the incident?" he asked.
"I was following Di."
"Why were you following her?"
"Because she told me to."
Rory and Linda exchanged glances. The policewoman jotted this new 
information down on her notepad that had seemed to have suddenly 
appeared out of nowhere.
"Okay, did she say anything to you before -" Rory began.
"Yes and no."
"Care to expand on that?"
Cally didn't look like she wanted to but did all the same.
"She started talking to me, saying how she wanted to come somewhere 
quiet to tell me about things, her last words were: it was Jo." Everybody 
stared at Jo. She felt herself shrink a little at the looks she was 
attracting. "And then -" Cally trailed off.
"I know it's going to be painful to remember but how did Diane end up 
like that?" Rory asked hesitantly.
"What, dead you mean?"
Jo shivered. At least her sister wasn't afraid to say the word.
"Yes."
"You wouldn't believe me if I told you."
"Try me."
"She started screaming. It was like something was sticking its hand 
inside her and pulling at her organs. Then her neck snapped, her side 
seemed to rip open and she collapsed. She writhed for a few minutes 
then stopped moving."
Cally was right, Rory did find it difficult to believe. However the look in 
the girl's eyes told a different story, she seemed to genuinely believe all 
of this. He looked to the policewoman for back up, she had countless 
experience. Surely she'd know whether Cally was telling the truth. She 
gave him a slight nod. He sneaked a glance at her notepad.
Story backs up forensics. 
Check CCTV cameras.
That was a good idea. He wondered why he hadn't thought of it before. 
He wrenched his mind away from the more practical side of the 
investigation and went back to his questioning.
"Where were you before the incident?"
"What do you mean?"
"You said Diane wanted to come somewhere quiet to talk to you, which 
implies you were somewhere loud beforehand. So where were you?"
Linda smiled. She hadn't picked up on that detail. Cally and Jo 
exchanged panicked glances.
"I - I was at a friend's house." Cally stuttered.
Jo relaxed slightly, that was true. In a way. Rory didn't miss her 
hesitation however or the worried looks. He sensed that he was onto 
something the girls wanted to keep quiet.
"What were you doing at the friend's house?"
"Girl stuff."
Rory frowned. She was definitely hiding something.
"Girl stuff?"
"Chatting about boyfriends, life, makeup, things you wouldn't 
understand."
"Then tell me about it." cut in Linda.
After all, the policewoman was a girl. Cally hadn't been expecting this 
and looked frantically at Jo for back up.
"I was there too." Jo added. "A lot of people were there."
Cally stared at Jo in shock.
"Why were you there?" asked Rory.
"For the same reason everyone else was, we wanted to relax at the 
weekend with a little party."
"A party about girl stuff?" he said sceptically.
"Yes! It was a slumber party!" exclaimed Cally but she was gripping onto 
loose straws at this point.
"You girls didn't tell me anything about a sleepover!" said Aileen 
suspiciously.
"What are you not telling us?" questioned Linda.
Jo turned to Cally. Enough was enough; there was only so much lying 
she would allow.
"We have to tell them."
"No."
"They're going to find out one way or another."
"NO." Cally said more insistently.
"If you won't tell them I will." Jo turned to face the police again. "We 
have parties at the weekend, Cally organises them, picks a friend to host 
it and tells me to invite my mates over. This week it was at Diane's 
house. Dolph was there and everything-"
"Whoa back up there, who's Dolph?"
"My boyfriend. He came to see me yesterday." Cally explained. 
The dreamy look on her face made Jo want to throw up.
"Anyways," Jo continued. "When Cally left I was surprised, she hadn't 
drank anything-"
"Drank anything?"
"Not one drop of alcohol, that was seriously unlike her."
"WHAT!?" Aileen said, almost yelling across the ward. 
At her yell the Doctor came rushing over asking her to keep her voice 
down. She agreed reluctantly. Jo couldn't bear to look at her mother. 
She could feel the betrayed eyes boring into her.
"Wait, where did you get the alcohol from?" interrogated Rory.
"Shops, like everyone else." said Cally scathingly.
He did not look impressed by her attitude. Jo filled in the extra details 
for him.
"Cally's friends have older siblings, it's easy enough for them to get their 
hands on it and bring it along."
"Okay, one last question and we're done. Can you give me the full name 
of your boyfriend please?" 
"So you can go harass him? I don't think so!" Cally exclaimed.
"Dolph Andrews." Jo said, happy to annoy her sister's boyfriend further.
"Thank you."
With that the police left leaving an awkward silence between the three 
family members. Jo was so glad that they would be spending this week 
with their father instead of their mother. He had a different way of 
showing anger. Then again, that meant their mother's anger towards 
them had a week's time to build up. 
	Aileen was disturbingly silent as the Doctor came over for a 
second time to inform her of her daughter's mysterious condition and 
remained dangerously quiet as the family left the hospital. Eventually 
they arrived home. However as soon as the front door to the house was 
closed she exploded. 
"HOW DARE YOU!" she screamed.
"Mum I can explain -" Jo began.
"DON'T EVEN TRY! YOU WENT ALONG WITH IT ALL! I THOUGHT I COULD 
TRUST YOU TWO! APPARENTLY NOT. HOW LONG HAS THIS BEEN GOING 
ON FOR? A FEW WEEKS? A FEW MONTHS? A FEW YEARS?!"
"Ever since you and dad split up." Jo whispered.
"I CAN'T HEAR YOU!" 
"I CAN'T IMAGINE WHY!" Cally yelled back sarcastically at her mother, 
her blaring voice matching the strength of Aileen's. 
"HOW LONG HAS THIS BEEN GOING ON BEHIND MY BACK FOR?"
"LONG ENOUGH FOR YOU TO BE AS GOOD AS BLIND! YOU'RE A 
RUBBISH MUM AND YOU KNOW IT! I DON'T KNOW WHAT I'D DO 
WITHOUT DOLPH BECAUSE HE'S THE CLOSEST I CAN GET TO REAL 
COMFORT AROUND HERE!" Cally ranted.
Aileen looked as if Cally had just punched her. She was not the only one; 
Jo was hurt too by this announcement.
"What about me?" Jo said, her voice was barely audible but Cally's ears 
picked up her tiny complaint all the same.
She turned on her sister.
"WHAT ABOUT YOU!? YOU ARE ALWAYS DISSING MY BOYFRIEND, YOU 
TREAT ME LIKE I CAN'T LOOK AFTER MYSELF, YOU GIVE ME CRAPPY 
PRESENTS AND YOU CAN'T EVEN STAND UP FOR YOURSELF! OH AND I 
FORGOT; YOU KILLED MY BEST FRIEND!!!"  Cally bellowed.
"She was my friend too." Jo said her voice a little louder this time.
"OH LOOK AT THAT, I DIDN'T THINK IT WAS PHYSICALLY POSSIBLE FOR 
HER TO ACTUALLY SPEAK LOUDER THAN AN ANT. I'M IMPRESSED."
"I didn't kill her." Jo said, firmly this time. 
"DON'T YOU DENY IT SHE TOLD ME HERSELF!" Cally roared.
Jo could tell that Cally was close to throwing things. She took a step 
back before her sister could do anything rash. But Jo was a little too 
slow in moving and Aileen was too busy absorbing Cally's insult to react 
in time. Cally picked up her mother's heels from the shoe rack beside 
her and threw them at Jo. The shoes hit her hard in the face and she fell 
over backwards. The force of the throw was far beyond Cally's normal 
strength. It looked like anger gave her that much more of an advantage.
"Joanne!" her mother gasped. Jo pushed the heavy heels off her face 
and got to her feet. Aileen was relieved that her daughter was standing. 
She turned to Cally. "GO TO YOUR ROOM!"
"I'm not staying here." announced Jo whilst her mother was occupied 
with the task of yelling at her sister. She took this opportunity to walk 
out of the door whilst Cally went in the opposite direction. 
       As soon as she got outside Jo started to run. It would be a while 
before her mother noticed she was gone, her sister was a big handful 
when she was angry. Gradually Jo slowed to a gentle walk as she 
explored London. She knew exactly where she was going although the 
pain in her head made it difficult to concentrate. When the throbbing 
streaked through her the streets went temporarily blurry. This made it 
considerably difficult to read signs but Jo knew the route like the back of 
her hand. The noise and bustle of the London streets made her feel 
claustrophobic and lightheaded, plus she didn't like the concerned looks 
people gave her as she walked by. Jo decided to take the path through 
the park. It almost felt like she was drunk. She had to focus carefully on 
putting one foot in front of the other but still managed to sway as she 
went. She walked (well, wobbled is more of an accurate word) past a 
happy family having a picnic. A little kid was running around the group 
playing with a friend. As she walked the child accidentally bumped into 
her.
"Sorry." the kid apologised but then scrutinised her face a little more 
closely. "Are you okay? You've got a big purple thing on your face."
At this news Jo felt a little more worried and sped up. It wasn't long 
until she made it out of the park. By now her mobile phone was ringing. 
She knew it would be her mum but she wasn't going to answer to her 
just yet. She stumbled along the streets until she turned a corner and 
finally arrived at her destination. Jo walked up through the front garden 
and rang the doorbell. The door opened to reveal a tall man. Dark, 
untidy hair reminiscent of Harry Potter's spiked up from his head which 
was quite a contrast compared to his posh, black business suit.
"Hello dad." she greeted.
"Jo what are you doing here? I'm meant to pick you and your sister up 
after dinner."
She swayed a little on the spot much to her father's alarm.
"Cally got angry. Just let me in and I'll explain everything."
His eyes widened as he too noticed the huge purpling bruise that 
stretched across Jo's face.
"Oh my god what happened to your head?"
"Cally threw mum's heels at me. I couldn't stay there. Please just let me 
in dad." 
"She what!? Come in." Jo's father led the way inside. "Let's get 
something cold on that head of yours." Jo slumped onto the living room 
couch as her father went into the kitchen. He soon came back with a 
cold compress and laid it on the side of her face. Jo winced but said 
nothing. For a few minutes they just sat there in silence. She liked her 
father for this reason; he was willing to wait for her to be ready to tell 
him what he needed to know, unlike Aileen who wanted to understand 
things instantly. "I've told your mother time and time again that Cally 
she should see a counsellor so she can deal with these anger issues. But 
will she listen to me? No."
        Jo didn't like it when he brought up Aileen. In fact, she didn't 
like it when either of her parents talked about each other. The pair 
seemed to have difficulty saying anything nice when it concerned the 
other person. They'd split up barely a month ago yet it was hard to 
believe they had ever been a married couple happily in love. Jo sighed. 
She wished things had stayed the way they were, but she knew for a 
fact that life just didn't work that way.
"I suppose I should probably tell you what happened this weekend. It's 
-" Jo paused, trying to think of words to describe it. "- a long story to 
say the least."
***
Back at the scene of the crime Rory was analysing CCTV footage of the 
car park as instructed. Since the place was connected to a shopping 
centre there were cameras present at several different angles. The third 
floor of the car park had been sealed off naturally, after the murder a 
full police investigation was launched. Linda was head of the operation 
of course and saw that everything went as smoothly as it could. This 
was considerably difficult and had her in a bad mood for most of the 
day. Rory admired her skills from a distance. The curious thing about the 
level of the car park was that the camera which looked directly down on 
the murder stopped working when the girl started to scream. The 
footage showed Cally following Diane into the car park and they talked 
briefly, however then fuzzy static enveloped the screen before the 
camera returned to normal to show the girl's mangled body. He then 
watched the end of the footage to see Jo come in, Cally collapse and Jo 
escape with her sister to the lift. However none of the other CCTV 
cameras had been able to spot the approaching person Jo claimed that 
she ran from.
"Any luck?"
Rory jumped and span round. 
"Oh it's just you." Linda laughed and he sheepishly began to answer the 
question. "Not really, the camera fuzzes out just when we need it most. 
You can see Cally and Diane talking beforehand and Jo and Cally's 
escape afterwards but nothing else of use."
"Strange. I wonder what could've caused that."
"I was hoping you'd know."
"Well, we should try to work out what Cally and Diane are saying to 
each other before she dies, that will at least give us some insight into 
whether Cally was telling the truth this morning."
"How do we do that? This thing has got no sound as far as I'm aware."
Linda chewed her lip. Rory knew that look, she had an idea.
"Know any lip readers?"
***
As Jo finished explaining to her father he stood up and went over to the 
phone.
"Dad what are you doing?" 
"Calling your mother."
"What!? No! Please don't!"
"She needs to know that you are safe."
"Oh." Jo let out a sigh of relief. She thought that he was going to call her 
and just have a go at her. They argued enough as it was, she didn't want 
to hear any more of that. Then again, it was far more likely that her 
mother would have a go at him. Personally she thought her father had 
much more reason to do so when Aileen hadn't even told him about 
Cally being hospitalized.
       He picked up the phone and started to dial the numbers. Just as 
he was about to leave the room Jo sat up. 
"Dad?"
"Yes?"
"Can you ask her if I can stay over here? It'll be just one extra 
afternoon."
"Jo you know how she is about these things -"
"Please?" she begged.
Jo had a go at her best puppy dog eyes attempt. Her father laughed at 
the bizarre resulting expression, but whatever she'd done seemed to 
work.
"I'll try."
He walked into the hallway that lead out from the house entrance and 
started talking into the phone. Jo strained her ears to hear the 
conversation but quiet chat slowly turned into shouting and she no 
longer tried. She hated this. But it was always the way things turned 
out. If anything it was making her head feel worse. 
       Finally the conversation (if you could even call it that) came to 
an end. Her father walked back into the room looking rather drained of 
energy.
"What did she say?"
"You didn't hear it?"
"Yelling through a phone is not the same thing as yelling here and now."
"Oh right." he said sheepishly. Clearly Jo's father had forgotten that she 
only heard one half of the conversation. "She said you could stay here 
for the night. But as you could probably tell she wasn't very happy 
about it."
Jo was relieved. There was no way she could go back to face Cally. Her 
sister had been right about one thing; she couldn't stand up for herself. 
She relaxed onto the sofa and reached for the TV remote. 
"Okay." she sighed.
"You just rest, have you had any lunch yet?"
"Nope."
"Right." Jo grimaced at the thought of her father cooking. He had even 
managed to make the microwave explode once. He noticed her 
expression. "Don't panic, I'll order some pizza." he assured her before 
turning to the kitchen.
       Jo switched on the TV but it was difficult to focus on any of the 
programs for too long, partly because the screen appeared to be 
blurred and secondly because she simply couldn't keep her eyes open. 
After ten minutes of this her father nipped back round the corner 
holding a cup in his hand.
"Tea?"
She smiled. It was the one thing her father could make in the kitchen 
without encountering disaster, which was just as well considering that 
John Sanders was a tea addict.
"Thanks."
He passed her the cup along with a small plate he'd been holding by his 
side. 
"I've phoned the pizza delivery guys, they should be round in fifteen 
minutes or so." John sat down beside his daughter. "You look tired."
"I feel tired." Jo acknowledged.
"Maybe it's those parties you told me about." he said, his voice taking 
on a disapproving tone. 
"Dad, I told you, the past few weeks I've been trying to get out of them. 
Besides I was distracted by Cally before I had the opportunity to get 
drunk this time round."
"Darling your mother has probably already told you this," he paused 
before continuing, being careful with his word choice. "- rather 
forcefully, but neither of us want you destroying your liver at your age."
"Dad if I was destroying my liver I think I'd realise."
"Life isn't that simple."
Her father's gentle lecturing affected Jo more than her mother's yells 
had. He seemed sad and disappointed with her. 
"I'm sorry. I won't do it again." she apologised in a small voice.
"That's my girl." The doorbell rang. "And that's probably the delivery 
men."
The tension that had built up between the pair shattered as John 
jumped to his feet and rushed back into the hall. A few minutes later he 
returned with the box. 
"That smells good."
Together they sat on the sofa, watching the end of a Simpsons episode, 
snacking on Margherita pizza. Jo supressed a laugh at the guzzling 
sounds her father made when he ate. From the excessively pig-like 
noises he was making she guessed he was trying to make her smile at 
least. She laid her head on his shoulder and was on the verge of falling 
asleep when he spoke.
"You know I got the bed all warmed up for you upstairs before calling 
the delivery men, do you want a nap?"
Jo was touched. She wasn't entirely sure why though: it was her father's 
job to look after her. 
"Dad, don't fuss. It's just after midday. If I go to sleep now it'll be 
impossible to get to sleep at bedtime. Plus my body clock will get all 
messed up."
"Come on, you know you want to!"
Jo raised an eyebrow.
"You know how they always lecture us about peer pressure at school 
dad."
John rolled his eyes.
"Fine. But in that case you have to do something active before dinner."
"Okay."
Jo grinned, she could compromise. But for the moment, she was quite 
happy resting her face in front of the TV. She was beginning to feel 
better all ready. That sick dizzy feeling she'd had earlier was virtually 
gone. Maybe she'd just been hungry?
"I've got to have a conference call soon darling so try not to interrupt 
me unless it's urgent." John informed her before leaving the room.
Jo watched the television and started to pay attention to what was 
actually going on in the news. 
"Only yesterday a mangled body was found in London's main car park. 
Police are not commenting on the matter at this time but the CCTV 
footage from the area allegedly shows two young girls escaping from 
the aftermath. Now we go to Charlotte on the scene." said the calm 
newsreader.
       Jo sat up instantly on hearing this. The news cut to a reporter at 
the car park entrance. She was part of the paparazzi crowd trying to 
interview the policewoman Jo had met again only this morning. The lady 
seemed to be trying to say as little as possible.
"Thanks Mike. Here I am with Linda Porter, head of the police 
department and this investigation." The woman with the microphone 
turned to face Linda. "What can you tell us about the two girls seen 
escaping on the CCTV?"
Linda frowned. How did the reporter know about the CCTV footage? 
She sighed. Did things really get out that quickly?
"I can tell you that they're none of your business. I'm sorry but this 
investigation is off limits to the press."
Linda had decided a long time ago that no newspaper should be allowed 
to get their hands on crimes like these. Call her paranoid but she didn't 
like the rumours the stories sparked. The reporter ignored this and 
continued to probe the irritated policewoman.
"Do you know how the victim: thirteen year old Diane Vickers died?"
"Firstly her name is Diane Metters and she's fifteen, secondly as I said 
this investigation is off limits to press." Linda replied angrily pushing 
away the microphone that the reporter kept jabbing in her direction.
The reporter however only seemed encouraged by the policewoman's 
response and continued to follow her to the car park entrance to ask 
more questions.  Then the policeman who'd interviewed Cally that 
morning stopped the reporter.
"Sorry lady, you can't come in here. This area is closed off."
The story went back to the newsreader in the studio.
"We are lucky enough to have a recording of the CCTV footage everyone 
is so concerned about-"
Jo turned off the TV in shock. Everyone watching the news was going to 
see her escape with Cally. Tomorrow was a Monday. A school day. How 
would they ever be able to escape the rumours? 
       Her body drooped in dismay and she held her head in her 
hands. Unfortunately Jo had forgotten about the huge bruise across her 
face.
"Ow." she muttered and proceeded to remove her hands.
She had to find some way to cover up this bruise by tomorrow. 















Linda was not happy. But then again, that went without saying. Rory 
had just finished and left the reporters to his fellow policemen. 
Hopefully they'd deal with the nosy interviewers. He chased after her, 
sensing that she needed someone to talk to.
"That stupid woman hadn't even got her facts right!" she fumed. Rory 
slowed down a little. Maybe she just needed someone to yell at. 
Perhaps this wasn't such a good idea. He contemplated what he should 
say for several minutes but took a little too long. "Well? What is it?"
"Erm - nothing. Sorry to bother you." 
Rory hurried away as fast he could. Linda glared after him. 
	He joined his fellow cops at the car park entrance. It looked like 
they had managed to fend off the majority of the crowd. Most of the 
reporters were leaving with sulky looks on their faces but a few stayed, 
staring at the police from a distance. It seemed like they just needed to 
watch the perimeter for the moment. His friend Mark smirked at Rory's 
return.
"What did I tell you? She's not in the mood to have a civil conversation."
Rory rolled his eyes.
"All in good time."
The policemen under her charge admired Linda grudgingly but were 
always ready to have a good bitch about her the minute her back was 
turned. Initially Rory had joined in quite happily, knowing it was part of 
the job but since last night with the caffeine high he couldn't quite bring 
himself to insult her. Now he knew that the strict exterior was only one 
part of her. For just a few minutes he'd managed to catch Linda when 
she was relaxed, cheerful and - vulnerable. He would've told Mark. But 
Mark would've got the wrong idea; he tended to do that a lot. Besides, 
his friend probably wouldn't believe him in the first place. He could 
understand that. After all, even he hadn't believed it until yesterday 
night.
       "You've been talking to her a lot lately." Mark commented.
"What about it?"
"Nothing, just saying."
"You know this is the kind of case I'm interested in." Rory said, in an 
attempt to steer his friend from the conclusion he thought he was 
coming to.
"Yeah right. Grisly murder? When I first saw you looking at the photos 
of that body you looked ready to faint. This case isn't your thing." Mark 
remembered mockingly. "So it's something to do with Porter."
"No it isn't."
"Yes it is. Why so defensive?" Mark teased.
"Just leave it."
"Ah I'm onto something then!"
Rory groaned. Sometimes he didn't know why he was friends with Mark 
when he could be so annoying.
"She's been getting me to do a lot of work on this case and to be honest 
I owe her." Rory retorted. "You remember that time with the five year 
old-"
Mark winced at the memory.
"Only too well mate. Don't go there."
"She bailed me out then, so I owe her. The worst part is she knows it 
too."
"If you say so." said Mark, he didn't sound very convinced though.
Rory looked at his friend and braced himself.
"Say it." Rory commanded.
"Say what?" asked Mark trying to act like he didn't know what Rory was 
talking about.
Rory was not fooled.
"Say what's on your mind."
"Why should I? I get the impression you don't want to know."
"I know you." Rory sighed. "If you don't say it you're going to yell it out 
at an inappropriate moment. Let's just get it done and over with."
 "You fancy Porter."
Rory sighed, relieved that Mark wasn't going to shout that out at an 
inappropriate moment. Then he continued to deny it. 
"You sound like you're still in high school. No I don't."
"Then why do you keep talking to her?"
"Is it really so wrong to have a friendly relationship with your boss?"
"No, but this is Porter we're talking about."
"Did someone say my name?" asked the policewoman as she stepped 
out from the car park entrance.
Mark shook his head.
"No ma'am."
Rory supressed a chuckle; Mark was afraid of Linda if anything.
"Rory come with me. I just got us our lip-reader." she commanded.
Mark gave Rory a look but Rory ignored him and followed her as she 
lead the way back up to the room which contained the CCTV footage.
"How did you find the lip-reader exactly?" he asked.
"It took a lot of phoning round." she dead-panned.
He decided not to probe any further, Linda still looked angry about that 
interviewer and he had a nasty feeling she'd explode in his face if he 
stated any more questions.
	Eventually they arrived at the room. A young woman was sitting 
inside. She looked slightly nervous. 
"Thank you for coming. We just need you to tell us what the two girls 
are saying at the start of the tape." Linda explained.
The woman nodded and Rory rewound the video. Together the group 
watched. Rory was full of anticipation but Linda just wanted to get it 
done and over with. She was in a bad enough mood already without this 
woman taking ages to do her job. The screen started to fuzz over with 
static and Rory paused the video. For a few moments there was silence; 
then the lip-reader spoke. 
"At the start the girl who isn't dead-"
"Call her Cally for the purpose of this exercise." Rory cut in to prevent 
further confusion.
"Okay, at the start of the video Cally says to her dead meat friend: 
what's going on?"
"Just call her the victim."
"The dead meat friend or the other girl?"
"The dead meat friend."
The lip-reader blushed slightly but continued.
"The victim replies: Cally I'm scared; I just wanted to talk to you 
somewhere where we could be alone and where it's quiet. Cally says: 
did you really have to drag me out here just for a chat? The victim says: 
yes, it's about Dolph. Cally asks her what her problem is, saying that 
everyone is picking on him. The victim says that Dolph is not good for 
her, that he's been doing some horrible things that she doesn't know 
about. That nobody knows about apart from her. Cally gets suspicious 
and asks her what. The victim tells her that it was Jo who warned Cally 
about him and that Cally should have listened. She says that it was Jo 
who - but then the static cuts in."
Rory and Linda exchanged glances. 
"Thank you. That was most....revealing." said Linda.
"Can I go now?"
"Of course."
The woman promptly got up and left the room.
"So Cally's story was accurate, from a certain point of view." Rory 
remarked. "Technically she didn't even lie."
"But she withheld information from us. That's just as bad." Linda added.
"I think we should meet this Dolph."
"I think you're right." Linda agreed. "But we can do that tomorrow; you 
have one huge report to fill out."
She smiled at his groan.
***
On Monday Jo's father drove her to school and she was glad for the 
transport. By now everyone she knew would've seen the video of the 
CCTV footage on the news. The last thing Jo wanted was to feel the 
stares as she walked down the streets of London. The car acted as a 
shield. She'd rather face bad traffic than the whispers. Cally however 
wasn't as lucky.
	Aileen had given her a lecture on laying low for a few days. The 
pair had seen the news and her mother insisted that Cally should make 
an actual effort not to get into trouble. Maybe then people would forget 
about her more easily but Cally strode down the street as per normal, 
refusing to hide or duck her head as her sister would've done. In fact, 
she held her head high. She was proud of who she was. The people had 
it wrong. Jo had killed Diane, not her. The stares weren't so bad on the 
street, they were just from strangers and Cally could kid herself that 
they were insane anyways. She didn't mind the attention. But when she 
arrived at school the attention suddenly seemed unwanted and the 
stares became irksome. She tried to ignore them but it was difficult 
work that distracted her easily. The first lesson she had that day was 
science. She marched off to the room and queued outside with 
everyone else. She could hear people exchanging gossip and small talk 
but all their chattering gradually faded to silence as she joined the line. 
Cally was a lot more effective at quieting the class than her science 
teacher would ever be. Nobody was sure what to say to her. Eventually 
Kaela, one of her friends, tried to strike up a conversation.
"How are you?"
"I'm alright. You?"
Cally knew what she was saying was a severe understatement but 
couldn't care less. She wasn't going to give the queue the satisfaction of 
hearing how she really felt.
"Yeah I'm good."
Cally glimpsed someone in the queue doing the awkward turtle sign as 
the silence returned (don't ask. It's just a phase the pupils went 
through).
"Did you do anything interesting at the weekend?" Kaela asked 
hesitantly.
"You were there for the party, you should know." Cally replied. 
"Oh yeah, that was fun."
"Glad someone enjoyed it." sighed Cally.
The teacher arrived at this point and let the class into the room. They 
sat down in the seating plan and got out their science exercise books. 
Almost as soon as the teacher started talking Cally was in daydream 
mode. She was homing in on what people were talking about behind 
her. The entire row seemed to be having a whispered debate. Well, it 
was more of a whispered speculation than anything else.
"Do you think she did it?" hissed Katie.
"Cally would never do that. She's my friend." replied Kaela defiantly.
Cally smiled warmly, it was nice to know that someone was going to 
defend her other than her boyfriend.
"You sure about that? That's what Diane thought."
"Am I the only person here considering the fact that Jo could've done 
it?" said Josh who sat next to Kaela.
Cally found herself agreeing with him.
"She's too much of a goody two shoes. Asides from attending parties; 
she simply isn't bad enough to do something like that." cut in another 
boy.
"But she's quiet. You never know what goes on in a quiet person's 
head." Josh argued.
"Don't be stupid. Ben's right, whatever she thinks Jo just hasn't got it in 
her to murder someone. As for Cally -"
"Why are we even considering this? Just because they were there 
doesn't mean they did it!" Kaela exclaimed a little too loudly. 
"Kaela, do you have something to contribute to the lesson?" asked Mrs 
Richardson.
"No Miss."
"Then don't talk over me."
"Sorry Miss."
For a few minutes there was silence. But then a different voice spoke 
up. This one belonged to one of the popular kids. Her name was Jasmine 
and as far as Cally was concerned the girl was evil. 
"No doubt about it, Cally's the reason why Di is dead. You know how 
easily she loses her temper. Besides, just listen to the name: Di - she 
had it coming."
Cally's head whipped round at this comment. She felt herself launch out 
of her seat. It was more of a reflex than anything else. She found herself 
towering over Jasmine. So much for laying low.
"HOW DARE YOU!" she yelled and raised a fist but then her science 
teacher interrupted her.
"Cally!" screamed Mrs Richardson. "Sit down NOW." Cally eyed the 
teacher defiantly. "I said SIT. Don't make me treat you like a dog." There 
was some sniggering at this comment. Cally narrowed her eyes, was Mrs 
Richardson calling her a bitch? All the same she sat down. "Jasmine 
what did you say to her?"
"Nothing! I was just minding my own business! She overreacted to 
nothing."
"That's not true -"cut in Kaela.
"That's the second time you have interrupted me today Kaela, one more 
time and it's a detention. I was not asking you." Kaela was silent. The 
teacher turned to face Cally. "Detention. Be thankful it's not more. If I 
ever catch you treating a student like that again it will be a suspension." 
Cally felt her hatred steadily growing. As the teacher continued to 
explain the exercise they were meant to be working on Cally felt her 
anger focus into one hot white point that converged on the teacher. 
Mrs Richardson stood at the front of the classroom complete unaware 
of the death glare. "Has anyone seen where my stapler went?"
The class said nothing. Mrs Richardson looked irritated.
"Oh. It's here Miss!" called Ben waving the stapler in the air.
"Watch where you're waving that!" exclaimed Josh.
Mrs Richardson quickly swiped the stapler from Ben's hand and went 
back to the front of the classroom. 
"You get on with your work, I need to staple this poster up." she 
informed the class and turned her back to them.
	At first everything seemed normal but then Mrs Richardson 
heard a rather bizarre high pitched giggle coming from behind her. 
"Can whoever is making that noise stop? You're too old to sound like 
you belong in a nursery school." she snapped. The person laughing 
ignored her. The laughter was slowly turning into an ear splitting 
screech as the pitch rose higher. It seemed more like the kid belonged in 
an asylum. But the teacher had a feeling she'd get into trouble if she 
voiced her true thoughts. Mrs Richardson sighed and whipped round to 
face the students. The laughter stopped abruptly as she shouted at the 
class. "I told you to be quiet!"
This was not the first time she had caught the kids laughing behind her 
back. Last time it had been because that gormless idiot Dolph had stuck 
something on her. Fortunately the technician had pointed it out before 
she could walk down any corridors and embarrass herself fully. Mrs 
Richardson narrowed her eyes and groped around her back. Nothing 
was there. The kids stared at her innocently. They certainly weren't this 
good at acting normally. They looked confused.
"I think Miss has finally lost it!" Katie whispered.
Her friend nodded in agreement.
Mrs Richardson blinked. She was hearing things. That couldn't be good. 
She shook her head and turned around but the laughter was back, this 
time it was not alone. A cacophony of creepy childish shrieks made her 
turn around. Now she was scared. She seemed to be the only person in 
the room who could hear the disturbing noises. All the same, there was 
no harm in checking.
"Kaela can you hear that?"
"Hear what?"
"I'll take that as a no. What about you Josh?"
Josh looked equally perplexed.
"Erm...is this a trick question?"
Mrs Richardson backed away from the students and put her hands over 
her ears. The noise was so loud it was almost painful.
"Leave me alone!" she whispered in panic.
All of a sudden the teacher felt a warm liquid on her forehead. She 
touched it with the tip of her finger and was shocked to discover a dark 
red substance on her skin. She backed away further and bumped into 
the whiteboard. That was when the projector crashed down just in front 
of her. It made a crunching noise as it impacted onto the classroom 
floor making several pupils jump and a few girls squeal in surprise. Then 
the screams of terror came as they examined the projector a little more 
closely. It was oozing a horrible oily substance like the one that had 
dripped onto the teacher's forehead. On the bright side, the childish 
laughter had stopped abruptly as the projector hit the floor. The 
students started to talk anxiously amongst themselves as Mrs 
Richardson stood at the front of the class frozen in shock. The disgusting 
liquid was leaking from the machine itself and was making an icky mess 
on the floor. The liquid seemed to gravitate towards the teacher as it 
spread and this reality helped to bring her to her senses. Nervously she 
leapt over the substance and went towards the door.
"Children get into a line outside the classroom. I'm going to get the 
technician."
But as Mrs Richardson started to walk away she heard the mysterious 
laughter again. She refrained from placing her hands over her ears and 
bit her lip instead. She was shaking.
	The news was all over school that lunchtime. Mrs Richardson 
had completely freaked out, with good reason for a change. Rumour 
had it she was still in the nurse's office being given treatment for shock 
after the antics of the previous lesson. Word quickly spread of the 
bleeding projector and the teacher's ability to hear voices. As per usual 
the story became even more warped through the passing on of the tale 
and by the time it got to Jo it made very little sense. Her friend Yasmine 
was telling it to her at the lunch table. 
       Yasmine was one of Jo's best friends. But Jo still refused to tell 
her anything in detail about the weekend. Don't get her wrong, Yasmine 
was a brilliant friend, but she couldn't avoid gossip no matter how hard 
she tried. Not that she had ever tried. 
"So basically Mrs Bitchardson went mental and attacked a student!" 
Yasmine finished, with that insane grin on her face that always came 
with her re-telling of a good story.
"Don't call her that." Jo sighed. 
"What, mental?"
"No I mean Mrs Bitchardson."
"Why not? The nickname suits her."
"Even if she doesn't hear you call her that I bet you some other teacher 
will. Plus it's not very nice."
"But it's true!"
Jo couldn't argue there. She'd never got into serious trouble with Mrs 
Richardson but she'd seen enough to know people who had. Quite 
frankly the woman terrified her.
"That doesn't make it right."
"Oh whatever. So what do you think?"
"It's certainly a sensational story." Jo commented. Yasmine's grin grew. 
She seemed to take this as a compliment rather than a remark about 
the tale's accuracy. "But where did Mrs Richardson manage to get a 
crowbar from?"
"How should I know? All I'm sure of is that she went crazy."
"Remind me how?"
"Were you even listening!?" Yasmine made a show of looking irritated 
but barely managed to hide her glee at the joy of repeating the details 
to Jo again. "She started yelling at the class to shut up when for once 
the group wasn't even talking! Which is impressive considering Katie is 
in that group-"
Jo sensed a tangent coming.
"Yas, focus."
"Oh yeah right, sorry." she continued. "Then she backed into the 
whiteboard covering her ears and shrieking before the room's projector 
fell down in front of her. Except it was oozing blood."
"I wonder what the technician said about that." cut in Ally who had also 
been listening to Yasmine's story.
"I don't know! Ask him!"
"I heard that she was yelling at someone for nearly punching Jasmine 
before she started hearing things." added Zoe, another member of Jo's 
friendship group who sat at the table beside her.
"Good for whoever that was. That popular is a bitch if I ever saw one!" 
Ettie piped up.
"Oh yeah, I think it was your sister, Jo." Ally mentioned.
By this point Yasmine's face had turned a powerful hue of red. She 
didn't like her gossip powers to be upstaged in the slightest. The others 
took the hint and stopped talking to allow Yasmine time to get back on 
top of the story.
"As I was saying - the projector was covered in blood and guts-"
Jo winced at the gory description her friend was producing as did the 
others. She decided to daydream until Yasmine's face returned to its 
regular colour. She rested her head on one hand and stared blankly into 
space. Although thanks to the bruise doing that hurt at little Jo didn't 
stop. Finally Yasmine appeared to have calmed down a little. She liked 
to be on top of things. Jo sat up a little straighter and removed her hand 
from her face. 
"Oh my god Jo what is that?" exclaimed Ally.
"What's what?"
"On your face!"
Her friends were all staring at her intently.
"What are you talking about?" 
"Jo you can't seriously tell us you haven't noticed the purple mark 
covering your cheek." said Ettie dubiously.
Jo glanced down at her hand. It was covered in foundation. Now half of 
her bruise was revealed to her friends.
"Oh that! It's nothing."
"That is not nothing. Look me in the eyes and tell me that's nothing." Jo 
didn't look up. "See! It's something." Yasmine concluded triumphantly.
"Look I don't want to talk about it right now."
"When will you talk about it?"
"When we're in a less public place. For now I need the loo." she lied. 
"Back in a mo."
"I'll come with you, I'm desperate!" said Ally.
Jo restrained a groan. Going to the loo was her means of escape; she 
needed to reapply her makeup. But never mind. Her friends were going 
to find out sooner or later.
       Jo tried to get her makeup done quickly in front of the mirror 
whilst Ally spent her time in the stall. But she was having difficulty 
concentrating and couldn't cover up such a large area of her skin in such 
little time. Ally came out, washed her hands and took Jo by surprise. 
"What are you doing?"
Jo lowered her foundation carrying hand to one side abruptly.
"Nothing."
"You know you look fine without extra makeup." Ally remarked.
This distracted Jo long enough for Ally to grab the foundation from her 
friend's unsuspecting hand. It only took Ally a few moments to put two 
and two together. 
 "Why are you trying so hard to cover this up?" she paused briefly as a 
new idea dawned. "How much more of that purple mark is already 
covered up?"
Jo glanced around her. The girl's toilets were surprisingly empty for this 
time of day.
"Fine! I'll tell you. Yesterday Cally got angry."
"Uh oh." 
Ally knew of her sister's rage. When it got out of control you needed to 
be at least a mile away from her to avoid the aftermath.
"Yeah, she got really angry. At first it was with mum, but then she 
turned on me. This purple-" Jo stroked her cheek gently, still wincing. "is 
part of a bruise that covers my face. I got it from when she threw mum's 
heels at me last night."
Ally's mouth gaped open.
"Jo you can't hide this! Have you told your dad?"
"Yes, but he's busy with work. He's concerned but doesn't have the 
time to help. I'm staying the week at his house."
"Well at least that's something."
Jo sensed the disapproval in her friend's voice.
"There's nothing I can do about Cally, siblings will be siblings." Jo sighed.
"But what if this happens again? You can't let her get away with it! Next 
week you'll be at your mum's house and then what?"
"I'll improvise."
"No Jo. That's not good enough."
"Don't tell the others. Please?" she begged.
"Jo I'm definitely telling the others. You can't keep this a secret 
forever!" Ally was honest; it was one of the reasons why Jo liked her, 
however sometimes it came across rather bluntly. "You should tell a 
teacher."
"No!"
"Jo you're the goody-two-shoes out of my friends, what's the harm? 
You tell teachers stuff all the time."
"Contributing in class is different."
"What about that time when Ettie was getting bullied? You told the 
teacher about that. Next thing you knew Dolph was in so much trouble! 
You need to get help. Hell, Cally needs help if she does that kind of thing 
when she gets angry."
"I don't know..."
"Well I do know; you're coming with me to the nurse's office right 
NOW."
Jo knew there was no arguing with Ally when she had her mind set on 
something. Ally took her arm and tugged her out of the toilets 
forcefully. 
	It didn't take them long to get to the nurse's office and soon 
they were waiting outside. Ally stayed with Jo to ensure that she didn't 
try to sneak off but they found that they were kept waiting for a while. 
Eventually Mrs Richardson came out of the nurse's room. 
"Looks like part of Yasmine's story was true." Ally whispered.
Jo nodded. Mrs Richardson truly looked as if she'd just encountered a 
ghost and from all the stories currently circulating the school she might 
well have done.
"What are you two doing here?" the teacher snapped.
"Waiting for the nurse." said Ally. Mrs Richardson looked like she was 
about to say something else to Jo but then the nurse called the pair in. 
"I'll see you later." Ally told Jo.
"What! Aren't you going to come in with me?"
"You're a big girl Jo. I'm sure you'll manage."
Jo glared as her friend walked off, but part of her knew Ally was right. 
       Jo walked into the cream coloured room and picked a spot to sit 
down. The nurse sat on a swivelling chair beside her desk. Quite frankly 
it creeped Jo out, it looked like something out of that James Bond 
movie. She was just waiting for the nurse to spin round stroking a cat.
"How can I help you?" she asked.
For a minute Jo was puzzled, couldn't the school nurse see the 
problem? Then she remembered that she had covered up the majority 
of her bruise with makeup. 
"Oh erm...have you got a sink?" she asked. Looking slightly confused the 
nurse pointed round the corner to another set of toilets. Jo rushed over, 
found a sink and began the painful process of washing off the makeup. 
When she returned the woman let out a gasp. "You see my problem." 
said Jo.
"When did you get that bruise?"
"Yesterday."
"How did you get that bruise?"
"It -it was an accident." Jo lied.
The nurse did not look convinced by the teen's stutter. She approached 
Jo and gently stroked the purple on her face with the tip of one finger.
"Does this hurt?"
Jo winced.
"Yes."
The nurse sat back down.
"Have you been feeling dizzy or disorientated at all since the time you 
received this bruise?"
"A little. On the way over to my dad's house I found it difficult to put 
one foot in front of the other." Jo remarked.
The nurse looked concerned at this news. She sighed.
"How did it happen?"
"My sister accidentally threw my mum's heels at me."
Jo put emphasis especially on the word 'accidentally'. She knew for a 
fact it hadn't been an accident but that didn't mean she had to tell the 
world. Things would only get worse between her and Cally then. As if 
their sisterly relationship wasn't bad enough.
"How can you 'accidentally' throw shoes into someone's face?" 
questioned the nurse, Jo could hear the quotation marks in her speech.
She knew it was a rather clumsy cover up but it was the best she could 
come up with for now.
"Ask her. Anyways, it's probably fine. My dad put some ice on it 
yesterday and I just relaxed on the couch. I'll just go now-" Jo began and 
stood up to leave.
"Wait." said the nurse. "I don't think you're telling me the entire truth. 
Do I need to call back that friend who was outside with you?" Jo 
reluctantly sat down. "Right. First of all, tell me your sister's name."
"Cally Sanders."
"Ah." That wasn't good. The nurse knew plenty of children who'd been 
sent to her office as a result of Cally's temper tantrums. She had heard 
of the girl on a fairly frequent basis. "Has your head been aching at all 
today?"
Jo frowned. 
"A little."
"Have you been finding it unusually difficult to concentrate in lessons?"
"Yes."
"I think you have a mild concussion. So I'll give you a mild painkiller to 
counter any symptoms you may be feeling." The nurse stood up and got 
a box out of the cupboard above her desk. She then removed a tablet 
from the packaging and passed it over to Jo. "Chew it thoroughly before 
you swallow."
Jo did as she was told.
"Thank you."
"You're welcome. I know you don't want to tell me everything but if you 
ever need to talk you have your friends and form tutor for that."
Jo barely managed to stop herself from rolling her eyes, what a school 
nurse thing to say. So she had a bruise on her face, it didn't mean she 
needed counselling.
"Okay."
And with that Jo left the room.
***
Cally felt bizarre. Ever since that lesson with Mrs Richardson she'd 
suddenly felt ill. She knew it wasn't because of the bleeding projector, 
she'd watched horror movies far grosser than that. She was exhausted 
but unsure as to why. 
       She'd met Dolph at lunch and he'd been nice enough to carry 
her tray for her. She ignored Kaela's protests that he was putting 
something in her food. Everyone seemed to be out to separate the 
couple. Why didn't they understand that they were perfect for each 
other? Cally would never admit it in public, let alone to herself but part 
of her was starting to love her boyfriend. Every time she saw Dolph she 
felt warm inside and happy no matter how rubbish the day had been. 
But after that lunchtime she had definitely begun to feel sick. During 
lunch she'd felt like she was on top of the world. She'd been wide 
awake, confident and her friends couldn't help but notice she was 
almost on the point of hyperactive. Cally had been willing to take any 
risk, although the amount of risks you could take in a canteen were 
rather limited. She smiled to herself.
"It must just be Dolph withdrawal." she remarked.
***
Rory had managed his time better yesterday and had got the report 
done before midnight. Linda too had managed to get home before 
midnight. Through their cooperation, although the pair was unaware of 
it, they managed to avoid another amusing chase through the police 
department yet both smiled fondly when they remembered that night. 
Today they were going to interview Dolph. Rory had got the address for 
his house only this morning and had looked up his record. The boy had 
already received several cautions for stealing but other than that had 
done nothing serious as far as he was aware. This little house visit would 
determine if he'd done anything else since his last offence, which was 
why it had to be done once school was finished for the day. If they 
wanted to interview the boy they had to at least arrive at the right time. 
It was this series of choices that led the pair to stand in front of number 
nineteen's door. 
       It was a rather grotty door that needed a new coat of paint. 
Linda knocked and a little more of the green colouring flaked off from 
its surface. They waited for several minutes then exchanged glances. 
Linda was about to knock again when the door opened. Dolph stood in 
front of them. 
"What do you want?" he asked bluntly.
"Is this the Andrews residence?" asked Linda ignoring his rude attitude.
"Yeah. Why?"
"Are you Dolph Andrews?"
"Maybe. Who wants to know?"
"I'm Officer Porter, this is Rory."
Rory was mildly surprised that she didn't refer to him by his surname as 
he would her, but he merely gave her a look to indicate his feelings 
instead of saying anything. Dolph eyed the policemen nervously. This 
was not good. He'd didn't think he'd done anything wrong lately but 
sometimes he did these things automatically. Once he'd started the 
occasional shoplifting it was difficult to stop, similarly to a lot of other 
things he did.
"Is it okay if we ask you a few questions?" said Rory.
"Actually I'm kind of busy at the moment -" Dolph began, using his 
answer as an opportunity to escape from the policemen.
"Let me rephrase, this is a rather urgent matter. We need you to answer 
a few questions." Linda cut in.
Dolph would have shut the door in their faces if his mother hadn't come 
up to him at that point.
"Oh, hello officers! I hope Dolph hasn't been causing any trouble-" she 
greeted in a friendly tone. Mrs Andrews paused to give her son a 
withering look. "-again."
Dolph groaned internally, now his mother was involved there was no 
way out. Linda however smiled; it was nice to meet somebody 
cooperative in her line of work.
"We don't know whether your son's involvement in our case is serious 
yet but we need to ask him a few questions."
"Okay, step right in. I'll make some tea."
Rory frowned at the mention of tea, he'd never liked the stuff but he 
felt it was rude to refuse. Linda stepped inside and led the way to the 
couch in the living room. Rory followed her. He'd never interviewed 
somebody in their home. Sure he'd done it on the scene, in the 
interrogation room reserved for such things at the police department 
and in the hospital (as of yesterday) but never at the person's home. 
This would certainly be a new experience.
	As soon as the policemen were out of earshot Dolph's mother 
heightened herself and stared into her son's eyes.
"Dolph Geraint Andrews if you have been stealing so help me I will 
ground you for a month - understand!?" she snapped.
"Yes." Dolph replied nodding meekly. 
His mother was the only person who could make him behave. So 
naturally he tried to ensure that she never had to discover what he got 
up to at school. Letters sent home got shredded before she could get 
her hands on them, the school didn't have the correct phone number 
for Mrs Andrews and even their address details were incorrect. Dolph 
was thorough; he liked to make sure no stone was left unturned. 
However he couldn't affect a criminal record no matter how hard he 
tried. So his solution was to not get caught in the first place. This 
interview was going to be brief but vitally important. Dolph knew he 
had to choose his answers carefully however that didn't mean he 
would. As a rule, he virtually never thought before he spoke.
	He joined the policemen on the armchair next to the couch. 
Linda had produced a notebook and was scribbling in the top right hand 
corner of the page in an attempt to unnerve Dolph. So far it seemed to 
be working.
"How is your relationship with Cally Sanders coming along?" asked Rory.
"What's that got to do with anything?" Dolph asked faking 
bewilderment.
He knew exactly what it had to do with him but wasn't about to admit 
that. The safest option for him right now was to feign innocence.
"Answer the question."
"I like her and she likes me. It's as simple as that."
"How well do you know her friends?"
"I try to avoid them most of the time. Especially Di, god that girl is 
irritating!" Dolph replied a little too honestly. 
He realised only afterwards that he'd let slip his dislike of Diane. Linda's 
hand was writing ferociously producing an unintelligible scrawl many 
people at the police department knew her well for. 
"Why did you not get on with Diane?"
It was too late to backtrack now.
"She always said shit about me." Dolph muttered.
"Care to expand on that?"
Dolph didn't particularly care. But he knew he had little choice. His 
mother was probably watching him from the kitchen now. She always 
knew when he was lying. If he didn't give himself away she would.
"Di said I shouldn't go near Cally, told me I was a jerk all the time and 
then accused me of something stupid."
"What did she accuse you of?"
"She said I was bloody drug dealer! Can you believe that?" Dolph 
exclaimed.
Rory couldn't. The kid was a little rude and aggressive but he was not 
the type to deal drugs; at least not as far as the he was aware. However 
Rory knew he couldn't afford to judge people in these situations. That 
was what he'd done with the five year old murder case and look where 
that embarrassing mishap had got him.
	It was at this point that the boy's mother walked into the room 
armed with tea. Rory eyed it distastefully but took a cup all the same. 
Linda gladly took hers and started to sip it instantly. 
"You're thirsty." commented Mrs Andrews.

















"Mmm, that's some really good tea." The mother smiled. "I think we are 
pretty much done here but I just want to make a few final checks. Is it 
okay with you if we search the house?"
Mrs Andrews pursed her lips and gave her son a look but sighed.
 "You might as well."
"Thank you. Don't worry; we'll be out of your hair in no time."
Linda started to go upstairs and Rory followed. Dolph watched them 
wistfully. The last thing he wanted was to be left alone with his mother. 
He pretty much knew she'd been watching them.
       "What do you think?" Rory asked Linda.
"I think we should check his bedroom first."
"Together? Wouldn't it be faster if we did separate rooms?"
"Yes but we cover things more thoroughly when we do it together. 
That's why you're assigned to this case in the first place. I make 
mistakes that you need to keep an eye on, or at least correct."
Rory sighed. That answered Mark's rather insistent question. Part of 
him had been hoping that maybe she kept him around for more 
unprofessional reasons. Rory had been hoping that maybe she just liked 
his company, as much as he liked hers. Perhaps that was a little too 
much to hope for.
	Dolph's room was marked clearly with a keep out sign 
decorated by childishly scribbled ammo shooting down a would be 
intruder on the paper. They ignored it and opened the door to reveal a 
mess. The room looked like a hurricane had just blustered through it. 
School clothes, casual clothes, comics, stationary, toys and pretty much 
everything Dolph owned seemed to be scattered about the floor. You 
couldn't even see the carpet underneath. Rory wondered whether there 
was a carpet underneath. How could this kid sleep at night? He 
wondered quietly to himself. Linda was thinking along the same lines. 
She knew that if she was a mother she would be horrified, and she 
already felt a little disgusted. How could someone live like this? She 
winced. This could take longer than she'd thought. 
"Better get started."
Rory ducked down onto the floor and started to delve through a nearby 
pile of rubbish that seemed to have gathered next to the bedside 
instead of a bin. After several minutes of this he was able to see under 
the bed. There was nothing of interest under it but the bed was always 
a prime suspect for hiding unwanted items in these cases. He started to 
search through the mattress, removing the layer of junk that covered it 
and placing the pile in the corridor where there was actually space. As 
they worked Dolph's mother came upstairs and watched their progress 
with a bemused expression on her face.
"Good luck."
"Is his room always like this?" Rory exclaimed.
"Pretty much. Hopefully having his stuff dumped in the corridor will 
force him to tidy up his room. I've tried everything, honestly he seems 
to hate cleanliness as much as a -" she paused trying to think of a 
metaphor.
"A very mucky dog?" Rory suggested.
The woman laughed. 
"I suppose that comparison will do for the time being."
"We might be a while."
"I guessed. You can stay for as long as you like, but I've got to go to 
work in a few hours' time."
"Ok. Thanks."
She stood there for a few minutes watching the police search through 
her son's room before going downstairs.
	Rory started to peer through a pile of comics as she left.
"Beano! I remember these! You can't go wrong with a good comic." 
He began to flip through the pages.
"Rory do you want to be here for the entire day?" Linda asked.
"If I spend the entire day reading these then yes." he replied stubbornly.
As he glanced at the pile of comics he realised there was enough of 
them for him to stay the day.
"Well I want to go home."
"Oi! You never know, you could find drugs inbetween the pages. That is 
what we're looking for right?"
"Right." she said sounding a little sad.
"What's up?"
"My husband loved Beano too."
"Oh."
       Every policeman in the department knew about Linda Porter's 
tragic marriage. Linda and Michael Porter had been soul mates. The pair 
had truly loved each other and nothing was able to tear them apart. 
Except when her husband's body turned up in a ditch in the middle of 
nowhere mauled horribly. It had broken Linda's heart when her 
husband died, it happened on the way home from the school he worked 
at. She hadn't stopped crying for several days. But she still came into 
work, so everyone saw. That is, until her co-workers ganged up on her 
and forced the woman to take a few days off to recover a little from the 
emotional trauma. Linda returned after those few days looking slightly 
more rested. She looked worse for wear on the day of his funeral 
undoubtedly but that was only to be expected. Ever since her husband 
died she was determined to stop anyone else from suffering a similar 
fate. However after several weeks in the office Linda realised that 
wasn't physically possible with the amount of crime in London and her 
behaviour seemed to return to normal. Her armour had hardened. But 
occasionally you could still catch glimpses of the old, more carefree, 
vulnerable Linda. It was rare and you had to catch her at the right 
moment but Rory knew it was worth it. Her grieving had begun when he 
arrived at the police department about a month ago but it was barely a 
day ago he'd seen her smiling as she chased him.
"He just loved comics in general. Michael was a bit of a geek sometimes. 
He wanted to attend conventions for them and everything." She smiled 
a little at the memory. "Of course he forced me to come with him and 
against my will I found myself enjoying it all."
Rory felt rather uncomfortable as Linda continued to pour out her heart 
to him. She shouldn't be talking to him about these things. He was just 
around at the right moment, that didn't mean he was the right person 
to tell. He flipped through the comics a little more frantically looking for 
a distraction. Since he was not really reading the pages properly he got 
through the pile far quicker than he would've done normally. He was 
near the bottom when a packet fell out from the comic annual he was 
skimming. Glad for the excuse to steer the conversation away from 
Linda's past love life he jumped at the opportunity to point out the 
white powder.
"Look at this!"
She wandered over to his side.
"Is that cocaine?"
"You tell me, you're the expert."
She took the packet from his hands and fingered the plastic material 
housing the substance curiously. After a little more close examination 
Linda came to a decision.
"That's cocaine."
"Maybe Diane was right."
"Either way we need to bring that boy into the police station. If he 
possesses this kind of drug we can't simply let him stay at home and get 
away with it. This is illegal."
"Whoa we don't know whether it's on him!"
"In his bedroom then. It's worth searching him as well though either 
way."
"We need to tell his mother."
"She'll see us search him and will put two and two together. She's not 
stupid."
And with that they set off downstairs. By the time the pair got to the 
couch in the living room however there was no sign of Dolph. They 
followed the sound of clattering plates into the kitchen but only found 
his mother washing up. 
"Can I help you officers?" she asked glancing up to look at them from 
over the sink.
"Where is your son?" questioned Linda.
"Oh he said he was just going out for a bit." Mrs Andrews replied.
"He's under arrest. Next time you see him you call us." Rory informed 
her.
Mrs Andrews sighed wearily but it was clear to the pair that part of her 
had been expecting this. 
"Oh dear. Okay. Why is he under arrest?"
"We found cocaine inside one of his comics." Rory informed.
"WHAT!?" she exclaimed.
Rory jumped. However Linda didn't react. She was relatively used to this 
whereas Rory was effectively a newbie in this kind of situation. Linda 
liked to think that she was Rory's work experience. Anyways, she had 
dealt with overprotective parents before; this one simply seemed 
startled and worried for her son's wellbeing. In a way this made their 
job a lot easier. Mrs Andrews was a lot more manageable if she wasn't 
in denial. Linda gave the woman a few seconds to calm down before 
asking her another question.
"Where do you think he would go if he knew someone was onto his 
little secret?"
"Probably to see Lolita. He goes to her flat all the time."
"Lolita?" Rory and Linda said in unison.
"She's his sister." The pair exchanged glances. "Is that a bad thing?"
"No of course not." Linda reassured. 
Rory thought his superior was lying. Lolita's case was still talked about in 
the police department when he arrived. She had been jailed for a couple 
of years as a result of an offence similar to the one Dolph had 
committed. They'd found out in court that her druggie boyfriend hadn't 
been helping matters. He too had been put in prison. But that was all in 
the past now. It was an old record but quite memorable. Rory had been 
sure to do a little 'research' on Dolph's family when Linda told him 
they'd be paying a visit to the Andrews. Hopefully the girl had moved on 
from her boyfriend and her dodgy activities. Her criminal record had 
been suspiciously quiet ever since that incident. 
"Where does Lolita live?" questioned Rory.
"A few blocks away: number 12, Golding Road."
"Thank you for your help Mrs Andrews. We'll be sure to inform you if 
there are any other developments."
The mother nodded, still looking shocked that Dolph had dared to defy 
the law in such a way, and the pair left.
       The police officers walked down the street. It was not the 
prettiest of sights, what with the rain pouring down in torrents. It 
darkened the skies, greyed the houses but worst of all, it drenched their 
uniforms. It truly was miserable weather. Rain never failed to annoy 
Linda. In fact she was an easy person to irritate but unfortunately for 
Rory it was difficult for him to keep his distance considering he had to 
stand right next to her if he wanted to see to Dolph and his sister. As 
they made their way through the gloomy streets the occasional car 
drove past splashing the dirty water at passers-by. Since Rory and Linda 
were the only people stupid enough to be out in the weather without 
some kind of coat they found that their trouser legs quickly became 
saturated. Linda let out a low rumble of a groan and Rory shook his fist 
at the car as it drove off into the distance. They were glad when they 
finally spotted the street sign for Golding Road. It was well hidden by 
surprisingly grey greenery. This was due to the dull lighting of the 
clouded skies. Fortunately it did not take them long to find number 12 
in amongst everything. They stood outside the flat and fought for the 
sheltered position on the doorstep. By this point Rory didn't care if she 
was his superior, he just wanted to get out of the rain. After several 
minutes of this Linda won and pressed the appropriate button. 
"Hello who's this?" came a voice through the small speaker.
"I'm Officer Porter, here with a fellow policeman. Is Dolph Andrews with 
you?"
"Nope."
"Is it okay if we come in and ask you a few questions?"
"Actually I'm kind of busy at the moment."
The officers exchanged glances. That was exactly the same excuse Dolph 
had used. It could just be coincidence, but what if it wasn't?
"We'll only be a few minutes."
"Sorry you're not coming in."
"We can get a search warrant if necessary."
"Good for you." 
Lolita stopped paying attention to the pair.
"Hello? Hello!" Linda turned to Rory. "She's not going to let us in 
willingly."
"By the time we are able to get a search warrant Dolph will have gone. 
Our best bet is to wait outside the flat for him to leave." Rory suggested.
"A stakeout in this weather?" Linda spluttered.
"You go back to the station and get our coats. I'll wait here."
"Rory you'll get pneumonia." 
"I'll survive if you're quick." He flashed her a grin. "Go on."
"Fine. But if you die from hypothermia it's not my fault."
Linda set off at a run and Rory began the wait. 
***
Lolita closed the curtains to the flat windows and turned to face Dolph. 
Her dark hair hung over her eyes in a side parting but he could tell that 
underneath the strands she was glaring at him through the smoky fog of 
the flat. Now the windows were all closed along with the curtains the 
swirling smoke from her cigarettes were confined to the room. She 
walked over to Dolph. 
"Wanna tell me why you're on the run?" she asked her little brother 
blowing a waft of smoke into his face.
"Nope." Dolph said stubbornly, before coughing. 
His eyes stung but he was used to the stench by now.
"I just covered for you I think it's my business now. Tell me. It's a 
statement not a question." 
Dolph knew he should tell her. His sister could get pretty scary if she 
didn't get what she wanted.
"Fine. You know back when you were dating Roy-"
Lolita's eyes widened. She'd dumped that jerk a long time ago but 
despite all of his flaws he'd been a very influential git.
"Oh please tell me you didn't!"
"You know I got along with him well. Plus you know how huge his stash 
was. Don't act so surprised."
"So the cops are after you for illegal drug possession. Great. What made 
you think I wouldn't turn you in?"
"Because you know how it feels."
Dolph could tell from the look on her face that he'd won that side of the 
argument.
"Well you can't camp out here forever. You heard those cops; they'll get 
a search warrant. Where are you going to go?"
"Where did you go?"
"I didn't have to run. You know that. Your girlfriend was the person who 
convinced me I needed help!" Lolita said angrily. "She's too good for 
you anyways, why are you dating her?"
"Why does everybody keep saying that!?" Dolph exclaimed.
"So I'm not the first to notice then. I know what you're like Dolph, hell I 
know what men in our family are like, dad's a right player. Although 
mum pretends not to notice. So are you. Yet you've been stuck to Cally 
like a leech, care to explain why?"
"Maybe I love her!"
Lolita gave her brother a scorching look.
"Nope, I'm not buying it."
"Worth a try." Dolph sighed. Part of him knew that Lolita wouldn't have 
been fooled that easily. "Look I've been working on something with her, 
it's important."
"Does she know any of this?"
"God you're worse than mum!" he complained.
"I'm the big sister. It's my job."
"If I told her I was only interested in her for two reasons she'd dump me 
in an instant. Or - do something worse."
"What do you mean?"
"I've been setting her up for all of this; I should know what happens 
when she gets angry."
"What are you talking about?"
"Look, can I stay here for a while? I promise I'll be out of your hair as 
soon as possible."
Lolita narrowed her eyes. 
"How soon is as soon as possible?"
"I'll stay the night."
"Nope - too long. The most time you're getting out of me is an hour max 
and you've already used up most of it."
She turned away.
"Please Loli!" Dolph begged.
Lolita whipped around.
"DON'T CALL ME THAT." Dolph knew he'd crossed the line using that 
nickname. Only Roy ever called her that and to be honest it was obvious 
that despite her druggie jerk of a boyfriend she was still hung up on him 
like he was on crack. She knew the man was no good for her, but that 
didn't make getting over him any easier. "Get out." she snapped.
"What?"
Dolph didn't know why he sounded so surprised. Even he knew that he 
had that coming.
"You heard me." She grabbed him by the collar and shoved him towards 
the window. "Is the coast clear?"
He drew the curtains to one side and stared down through the glass.
"No."
Dolph could clearly see the policeman who'd come to his house that 
afternoon shivering in front of the entrance gate in the cold. Lolita 
rolled her eyes.
"Then deal with him! You've gotten into enough fights to know how."
"This is different, he's an adult."
"Oh for god's sake!" Lolita shrieked. She stormed over to a cupboard 
and retrieved a wine bottle. She pushed it into Dolph's hand. "Use your 
imagination!"
After that her brother made a run for it. He knew if he stuck around 
whilst his sister was in such a rage he wouldn't like where he ended up. 
The policeman was alone and looked pretty cold anyways. Lolita was 
right; it wouldn't take much to overpower the man.
***
Rory was freezing. Part of him was beginning to believe that Linda was 
right. At this rate he was bound to catch some kind of cold and it would 
be his own fault. He stamped his feet in an attempt to warm himself. It 
wasn't very effective. He started to pace up and down the pavement 
beside the gate. But this meant that for a few seconds he had his back 
to the flat. So he didn't see the teenager leaving the house, he didn't 
see the boy charge towards him and he didn't see the bottle raised 
above his head until it was too late.
***
It took a while for Linda to get back to the police station. She'd got a bit 
lost on the way there; her navigational skills weren't the best the 
department had to offer. But her proudness ensured that she didn't ask 
for directions. She didn't want to give anyone the excuse to ridicule her. 
By the time she finally arrived it had been at least five minutes. She felt 
rather guilty about leaving Rory out in the torrential rain for that long. 
Linda grabbed the coats and then set off in her car. In any other 
circumstance she would've gone for a police car as the bright siren and 
lights guaranteed a clear passage through London but since they were 
aiming for stealth this time she drove back to the flat in her regular car. 
Naturally, she got caught up in traffic and every minute she spent just 
sitting there waiting for the queue to budge allowed her another minute 
to worry about Rory. She knew she was being silly, he was a grown man; 
he knew what he was doing. But she just had this bad feeling. Linda 
couldn't define it but she felt like something was wrong. Then again, she 
got the same feeling whenever she went to the toilet (she saw too many 
horror movies as a child, long story). It was probably another case of 
pointless paranoia that she seemed to get far too often these days. This 
thought calmed her down considerably and she felt herself relax in the 
driving seat. Eventually the line moved and she was able to get to the 
flat. She parked on the side of the pavement (one of the advantages of 
being head of the police department is that you're far less likely to get 
tickets) but her heart sank as she saw Rory sprawled out on the wet 
pavement.  She ran over to him. Judging by the saturation of his uniform 
he'd been lying there for a while. On the bright side at least she knew it 
wasn't pneumonia that had felled him. There were shards of glass 
strewn around his head. One chunk clearly read: white wine. Using her 
shoe she kicked the stray pieces away from him before kneeling at his 
side.
"Rory can you hear me?" He let out a low moan. Linda let out a sigh of 
relief. "Thank god. Are you okay?"
He tried to sit up but fell back.
"What does it look like?" he groaned. "I feel like an upturned turtle."
She smiled. That was more like it. She placed her arm around his back 
for support.
"Up in three okay? One, two, three!" With her help Rory stood up. He 
swayed slightly as he came to his feet. "Whoa, easy. Did you see who hit 
you?"
"Dolph." he murmured.
"That boy's in big trouble now. Drugs is one thing, but assaulting a 
police officer is going to have the department a lot more committed to 
finding him."
"Yeah." 
Linda could tell he hadn't processed any of the information she'd just 
told him. His eyes had that unfocussed look to them that meant he was 
far away.
"Come on, let's get you cleaned up."
Together they stumbled over to the car. Linda helped Rory get into the 
passenger seat beside hers and he did up his seatbelt as she sat down in 
the driving seat.
***
Aileen had just got home from work. Cally was still not back from school 
yet. She was probably taking the long route with her friends. That was 
not unusual. She sighed as the phone rang and glared in its vague 
direction. She'd only just got home herself! She pondered whether she 
should pick it up or not as she collapsed onto the sofa. Finally the 
irritating ringtone stopped and the answerphone took the message.
"Hello. This is Doctor Snelling and we've belatedly found out something 
rather alarming in your daughter's test results. Please call me back as 
soon as-"
Aileen's eyes widened, she ran towards the phone and grabbed it 
cutting off the doctor mid-sentence.
"Hello, sorry I was just in the kitchen." she lied. "What were you 
saying?"
"I was re-analysing your daughter's test results and we've found traces 
of a rather dangerous drug in her system."
"WHAT!?" Aileen yelled down the phone. Finding out about her 
daughter's weekend parties had been worrying enough but now? What 
else had Cally been keeping secret from her? There was silence on the 
other end of the line for a few minutes. "Sorry, continue."
"It was cocaine. Has your daughter been showing any of the following 
symptoms lately?" Aileen listened carefully as the man started to list 
them. "Mental alertness, increased energy, mood disturbances, 
confidence, paranoia, irritability, aggressiveness or careless risk taking."
Aileen frowned. It was virtually all of the above. 
"Aggressiveness and mood disturbances most definitely, paranoia yes," 
she said as she remembered how Cally seemed to think everyone was 
out to get her and her boyfriend. "irritability yes, confidence yes,"
She would've continued but the doctor interrupted her.
"I think it's safe to assume your daughter has been taking cocaine."
Aileen was speechless. But it didn't last long.
"What do I do?" she asked.
"I would suggest searching her room and confiscating the drug if you 
find any of it."
"What does it look like?"
"It'll most likely be a form of white powder."
"Okay, any other suggestions?"
"Talk to her, and I don't mean yell, I mean hold an intervention if 
necessary. Talk about the impacts drugs can have on your life, lecture 
her about health and remind her that you're only telling her this 
because you love her." Aileen frowned. That was more of her husband's 
way to go about things. She did the yelling, he did the understanding 
but between them they both shared out the care. Aileen didn't always 
show it however. "Ask her about her friends, quite often peer pressure 
forces kids into these things."
"Okay. Thank you for your help Doctor Snelling."
Aileen hung up. She'd only just put the phone down when Cally entered 
the house. Just typical; well, better get it done and over with, she 
thought to herself. Aileen ran round to the front door and stood in front 
of her daughter. 
"Cally I need to talk to you."
"Not now mum." she croaked.
"Cally this can't wait." On hearing this news Cally ducked underneath 
Aileen's outstretched arms and started to run. "Cally are you taking 
drugs?" Aileen blurted out.
She didn't even think her daughter had heard her. Cally ran upstairs. 
Her mother sighed. She wasn't very good at this. It was all about finding 
the right moment. So she went into the study, sat down and started to 
research the best ways to help her daughter. Aileen thought Cally was 
going to her bedroom but she couldn't have been more wrong.
 	Cally skidded into the bathroom, locked the door behind her 
and hung her head over the toilet. She felt REALLY sick. Sick enough to 
be sick which was why she was kneeling in front of the loo. The 
exhausted feeling seemed to overwhelm her. She sagged over the toilet 
seat, her neck touching the cool surface. It was shockingly cold in 
comparison to the warmth of Cally's skin. Finally she threw up into the 
toilet. She closed her eyes, not wanting to examine the contents. When 
she opened them again however she was disturbed to notice that the 
filth her stomach had produced was pitch black. That was not normal. 
She got to her feet dizzily and flushed the toilet. Cally staggered to the 
mirror. Her face was pale and sweaty and she felt so tired. Her 
reflection seemed to blur in the mirror before her and then everything 
went black.
	Downstairs Aileen heard a loud thud. She shook her head and 
wondered what her daughter was throwing about the room this time. 
She'd obviously not had a very good day at school from the way she'd 
reacted to her mother when she entered the house. Aileen hoped she 
wasn't wrecking anything expensive.
***
Dolph was still running. He needed to find a way out; somewhere to go. 
He knew that by now there was only one option and he just had to hope 
the police hadn't visited her yet to warn the family of the danger he 
posed. He knew for a fact that she'd be in a pretty bad state by this 
point. He knocked on Cally's door, desperately hoping that Jo wasn't 
there to kick him out but to his surprise instead of one of the girls 
opening it their mother did.
"Hello Dolph." she greeted.
He frowned slightly; the girls always beat their mother to the door.
"I need to see Cally."
Aileen's eyes narrowed. What if this youngster was part of it all?
"Why?"
"She's my girlfriend. She said she was feeling a little poorly after lunch. I 
want to see her." Dolph explained. 
Of course that wasn't his real reason but it made him sound a lot more 
caring. Aileen's expression softened.
"Come in. She's in her bedroom."
He smirked, he was getting better at this whole lying thing. Dolph 
dashed inside not bothering to keep the caring façade up. Fortunately 
for him Aileen mistook his determination for wanting to see his 
girlfriend. In a way, she was right. 
	Dolph walked into Cally's bedroom but to his surprise there was 
no sign of her.
"Cal?" he called. No reply. He checked several other bedrooms before 
trying the bathroom, knocking on the door first. "Cally? You in there?" 
Again there was no reply. He tried the door handle. It was locked. Aileen 
was downstairs and now that he thought about it he remembered Cally 
saying something earlier that day about her no-good sister staying at 
her father's house. The only person who could be in the bathroom was 
Cally. So he started to pick the lock. There was a reason why he got 
away easily with most of his thefts. After a few minutes the door swung 
open to reveal Cally lying on the floor unconscious.  He sighed in 
irritation. It had begun. He just hoped his plan worked before she dried 
herself out. Dolph walked into the bathroom and locked the door 
behind him. It was just them now.
***
"Linda stop fussing I'm fine!" complained Rory. "Don't you have a case 
to solve? Or a murder suspect to catch? You need to tell Cally's parents 
about her boyfriend."
She eyed the bandage wrapped round his head.
"Are you sure? That was one nasty knock you took." 
He sighed. This was not the first time they'd had this conversation. 
"It was one lousy bump don't worry about it. Can I go home now?"
"Okay. But I'm driving you."
"What?! I'm not a baby!" he exclaimed.
"Well that's news to me." Linda teased. "Didn't the doctor tell you not 
to drive anyways?"
"Yes." Rory admitted.
"Then come on."
"Oi!" he protested. Then he paused, perhaps he could use this moment 
to his advantage. "I'm only letting you drive if you promise to go give 
Cally's parents a house visit. Each."
Linda groaned but agreed.
"Let's get you home."
She took him by the hand and started to lead him out of the police 
department. Mark, who sat only a few desks away, raised an eyebrow. 
Rory simply rolled his eyes. Linda was acting a little overprotective as far 
as he was concerned and she knew it, but in doing so she was letting her 
guard down a little and the professionally strict feel about her was 
melting away. Trust Mark to get the wrong idea.
	Eventually they were stepping into Rory's car. He gave her the 
car key reluctantly and she put it in the ignition. The engine started to 
rumble and they set off.
"Linda?" he asked.
"Yes?" she responded.
"Why am I assigned to this case?"
She sighed.
"I already told you, it's because you correct my mistakes and you owe 
me."
"Surely you owe me by now." he pointed out. "After today-"
Linda winced. He was using the guilt persuasion technique and it was 
working. She'd left him alone for five minutes and look what had 
happened. 
"Sorry." she apologised.
Rory backtracked, maybe that wasn't such a good point to make.
"It's not your fault, it was my idea." Linda still felt responsible however. 
He was her partner. She was meant to keep an eye out for him and vice 
versa. He hadn't failed his part of the bargain. Rory sensed that she was 
unconvinced. "You can't be responsible for everything."
"It's a bad habit of mine." 
"Well you need to stop it."
"I'm head of the police department it's my job to be responsible."
"You need to relax once in a while though." Rory insisted.
"If I relax something gets past me."
"You were never like this before Michael died."
"Don't say his name." Linda snapped.
Rory gulped. He had a feeling he'd crossed the line.
"Sorry." he apologised.
"I'm sorry, you're right. I just miss him so much. When I first saw that 
girl's body I recognised the injuries.  It was mauled just like his was. I 
want to capture the person who's responsible so badly."
"You can only do that if you give yourself a break."
"I guess you're right. But that's not going to happen."
They continued in silence for a bit.
"Why did you really get me on this case Linda? Answer me honestly. 
Please."
"You remind me of my husband in many ways, you know how to cheer 
me up, you know how to calm me down, everything. I know, it's selfish 
but there's the reason. Having you round keeps me sane." Rory found 
that he had very little to say to that. He reminded his superior of her 
husband? That was...freaky and slightly annoying. He wanted to be 
himself, unique, not a copy of some guy he was jealous of anyways. 
Jealous? Where did that come from? Was he jealous of Michael? He 
knew the answer was yes almost instantly but he wasn't sure why. The 
guy was dead for Christ's sake! The car came to a stop. "Here you are." 
Linda parked it in the drive. 
"Thanks." Rory said.
He got out and proceeded to walk to his house. He had a lot to think 
about. Maybe, just maybe, Mark was right.
***
It was done. Dolph slapped her face. Hard. At this gesture Cally's eyelids 
flickered open.
"Dolph?" she gasped. "What are you doing here?"
"I came to see you. Duh!"
"W-what am I doing on the floor?" she stuttered and got to her feet. 
Dolph remained sitting on the tiles watching her totter towards the 
bathroom door.
"I dunno." He shrugged. "Look, listen to me I need you."
To Cally this sounded romantic, but that was not what Dolph had in 
mind.
"I need you too. Dolph, I think I -"
His eyes widened in alarm at the thought of incoming commitment and 
he quickly cut her off.
"Can I hole up here for a few days?"
Cally was surprised by his request but pleased nonetheless. Maybe he 
was having Cally withdrawal symptoms similar to her own for him that 
afternoon?
"You can stay here for as long as you want."
"Great." he said getting to his feet. 
Dolph strolled past her and out of the bathroom. Cally staggered after 
him. She was beginning to feel confident again, like she was on top of 
the world. Now he was by her side she could take any risk. Letting him 
stay was going to be a big one, making sure her mother didn't know 
would be easy enough but when her bratty sister came back to stay at 
the house in a few days' time things would get difficult. But Cally was 
willing to go through it all. Her Dolph was addictive.
"I'll try and make space for you in the bedroom but sleeping 
arrangements could be fiddly..." she started to explain.
"I'll sleep with you." Dolph announced abruptly.
"What?!" Cally exclaimed. 
She was just a teenager and despite her will to risk anything attitude 
even she thought that was a bad idea. School was constantly preaching 
about stuff Cally didn't particularly want to think about, this was one of 
those things. The rumours constantly going round gave her a feeling 
that Dolph had knocked girls up before.
"You promised me that at the party on Saturday anyways." he 
reminded.
"I was drunk Dolph."
"But you meant it."
"Fine! You can sleep in my bed. But no funny stuff! You can keep your 
clothes on too thank you very much."
Dolph groaned. He felt cheated of a good night. At least he was halfway 
there. Besides, once the stuff he'd given her in the bathroom kicked in 
he'd be able to do whatever he wanted with her whether she liked it or 
not. 
"CALLY! Dinner!" yelled Aileen.
"Got to go. You make yourself at home. I'll tell mum you've left."
Cally kissed him lightly on the cheek before she went downstairs.
        As she joined her mother at the dinner table suddenly Cally felt 
extreme happiness. Her boyfriend was staying over for the night! Why 
shouldn't she be happy? Maybe she should even celebrate! They could 
play music loud and dance together and - Her mother noticed the way 
her daughter seemed to flounce about the room as she came over. 
Mood disturbances. Just like Doctor Snelling had said. They started to 
eat.
"Cally. You know that thing I was trying to talk to you about earlier," 
Aileen began.
"What thing? Oh and by the way Dolph has left." Cally chirped.
Aileen raised an eyebrow, she didn't particularly care about Dolph's 
disappearance, and it was completely off topic. Suspiciously off topic, 
but it was probably just part of Cally's strange drug induced mood 
swings. In a way it was nice to know that this behaviour wasn't just 
hormones. This reminded her, time to get back to the point.
"I tried to tell you when you came in, oh never mind. I'm telling you 
now. Doctor Snelling phoned."
"Who's she?"
"He. Doctor Snelling is the person who analysed your latest test results."
"That must be such a bo-ring job!"
Aileen ignored this comment.
"Well interesting or not, the results were quite important."
"What did she say?"
"That you've been taking Cocaine."
"She's loopy!" Cally giggled. For some reason she just couldn't take that 
statement seriously. "You don't believe that do you mum?"
"Cally he's a doctor. He knows what he is doing."
"So do I. I'm not stupid mum."
"Cally you've been showing all the symptoms, don't lie to me. Tell me 
honestly, have you been doing drugs?"
Cally almost laughed aloud. 
"Don't you trust me?"
But then she felt angry. She wanted to hit something. How dare her 
mother accuse her of such a thing!
 "After this weekend, no. Now answer my question."
"WELL FOR YOUR INFORMATION NO, I HAVE NOT BEEN TAKING 
DRUGS!" Cally screamed.
Aileen took a deep breath and reminded herself of what the website 
said. It was only to be expected that her daughter would launch into 
some form of denial, or in Cally's case: explode, but at least one of them 
had to remain calm. Aileen was the adult, which meant she had to be 
the mature one. She sighed, this could be difficult.
"Cally you're in denial. Drugs kill."
"SO CAN CALPOL!"
"I'm only saying this because I love you."
"IF YOU LOVED ME MAYBE YOU WOULD TRUST ME! DOLPH LOVES ME, 
YOU DON'T! YOU'VE BEEN DOING RESEARCH HAVEN'T YOU? YOU JUST 
DON'T TRUST ME! NOBODY DOES! EVERYBODY IS OUT TO GET ME! 
NOBODY CARES!"
"Then you won't mind me searching your bedroom."
Uh oh. Cally started to protest as loudly as she could in the hopes that 
maybe Dolph would hear her from upstairs.
"You can't SEARCH MY BEDROOM MUM. That's MY OWN PRIVATE 
SPACE that YOU ARE INVADING!"
Aileen ignored her daughter and began the climb up the steep staircase. 
Cally ran after her frantically hoping that Dolph had got the message. 
	It wasn't long until her mother opened the door to her 
bedroom. Cally held her breath and peered over her parent's shoulder. 
Dolph was nowhere to be seen. She let out a quiet sigh of relief.
"Thank god." Cally whispered. But the danger wasn't over yet. Aileen 
began to search the room. "You're not going to find anything!" Cally 
announced loudly.
Aileen threw up the covers of the duvet. A small transparent packet 
containing white powder lay under it. 
"Then what's this?" She approached her daughter trying not to let the 
anger show. "Would it really kill you to tell me the truth? This can kill 
you if you don't."
She remembered what the website had said. If she got angry then she 
should leave the conversation for the time being and come back to it 
later. So she stormed out of the room. Cally sat on the bed as her 
mother slammed the door.
"Dolph you can come out now." Her boyfriend fell out of the wardrobe. 
"Would you care to explain to me what that packet of drugs was doing 
on my bed?"
"Your mum's got the wrong idea." he said getting to his feet.
"Then what is it?"
"Flour." he replied lamely. "I needed it for food tech today at school; it 
must've fallen out of my pocket."
To his relief Cally seemed stupid enough to buy his excuse.
"I knew you wouldn't do something that idiotic." she smiled. Then her 
eyes bulged. "Uurgh I think I'm going to be sick!"

















 5
"Just think of swans."
"What?!" she exclaimed.
"Any distraction will do."
"Oh."
"For example the food fight I'm planning for tomorrow."
Dolph knew it was careless but he was still going to school in the 
morning. He needed to. His plan was slowly unfolding; he knew Cally 
was sufficiently prepared. Now he just needed to force her to face his 
enemies in the school canteen. If the police showed he could turn her 
on them.
"Food fight?" she murmured and swayed before him. He smirked. 
Looked like what he had given her was finally starting to kick in. It had 
taken long enough. "Dolph I - I - don't feel -" She fell backwards onto 
the bed. "What's happening to me?" 
He smiled and came towards her with a leering expression on his face.
"Don't worry Cal, I'm going to make it all better." he whispered.
***
Jo was late. By the time she arrived at her father's house it was getting 
dark. She crept inside wondering if she could pass off a lie about her 
having got back ages ago and him simply not noticing. Probably not. It 
was harder to look into her father's eyes and lie to him than it was with 
her mother and if she looked away he'd know she wasn't telling the 
truth. She'd just needed some time to think on the way home, 
unfortunately it had taken a little longer than expected due to 
unforeseen difficulties. Jo had a little more on her mind than she 
realised. So she decided to put together a little list:
1.	A good friend of mine died a few days ago and I saw her corpse.
2.	Cally blames me for it all.
3.	Mum knows about the parties.
4.	Cally collapsed at the weekend.
5.	My parents are one paper away from being officially divorced.
6.	Cally gave me a concussion.
7.	My friends are suspicious of me.
Jo thought that just about covered everything. Now she had something 
new to add to the list.
8.	Dad's going to be pissed off with me.
It was at times like these when she really missed Diane. Diane had 
listened, a trait most of Jo's friends were not known well for and she'd 
given really good advice. She knew it was selfish, but Jo missed her 
advice almost as much as she missed her friend. Jo found herself 
thinking back over the good times, when Diane was alive, before Cally 
had her temper tantrums, back when they'd been one happy family and 
prior to when Cally had been dating Dolph. Funnily enough her temper 
tantrums seemed to arrive barely weeks after she met him. Strange 
that.
	Jo slipped her shoes off and placed them on the rack before 
tiptoeing up to her bedroom. She was amazed that she'd got this far. If 
she was at her mother's house by now Aileen would be looming over 
her tapping her foot in anger and demanding to know what had kept 
her. She dumped her school bags in the bedroom and was considering 
whether she should do homework or not when her father popped his 
head around the door.
"Dinner's ready."
"Oh. I'll be down in a sec."
"Don't be too long." he warned and set off downstairs.
Jo sighed. It didn't look like he'd even noticed her lateness. Her father 
was too busy with work. That was part of the reason why their parents 
had broken up. Aileen claimed that John didn't have enough time for 
her. This dissolved into the usual arguments and Jo would hide under 
her bed covers as the two adults yelled downstairs. She missed the way 
their parents used to look at each other, with love in their eyes and 
happy smiles. Now when their eyes met they seemed to fill with angry 
fire and their faces had foul frowns written all over them. Cally would 
refuse to hide, but that didn't mean it wasn't affecting her. She told 
everybody she was fine, but around the same time the pair split up she 
started organising the weekend parties. Jo saw this as her new way of 
venting although Cally only got angry when her sister brought it up. 
	Her father never said much about his work and his study was 
strictly off limits to all those not wanting to die a painful death of guilt. 
John Sanders had such a way with that emotion. He could force it onto 
you no matter how little reason you had to feel it. Jo often wondered 
what could be so important it could split him away from her mother. 
Now she felt the wounded curiosity consuming her body more than 
ever. She walked out of her bedroom. Her father's study was just a few 
rooms away from hers at the end of the hall. The coast was clear. What 
did she have to lose? 
       Jo crept towards the door glancing nervously at the stairs every 
few minutes. Finally she was in front of it. Her hand reached out to the 
doorknob. She was sweating. It was ridiculous how much of an 
adrenaline rush she got from this one simple action. 
"I need to get out more." Jo murmured to herself.
She opened the door. Its loud foreboding creak made her hold her 
breath but her father did not come rushing upstairs. She stepped inside.
	The room seemed to be a miniature laboratory. It gleamed a 
bright white even without the light on. Test tubes were lined up neatly 
amongst the scrunched up piles of paper on the desktop. The multi-
coloured liquids in them glowed fluorescently giving the work space a 
rather eerie lighting. She took a step inside and noticed a dusty red 
helmet hanging off a coat hanger on the wall alongside goggles and lab 
coat. She would've explored further but then her father's voice made 
her jump.
"Come on Jo! Dinner's out." he called.
She grabbed a smaller piece of scrunched up paper from the bin (which 
was filled to the brim with them), stuffed it into her blazer pocket and 
raced downstairs closing the door carefully behind her so it wouldn't 
emit the same loud squeak it had on entry.
	She sat opposite her father at the dinner table. In an attempt to 
act casual she kept her eyes down, focussing on the table. It was new 
and the oak wood surface was so shiny it reflected her face. She glanced 
up and raised an eyebrow.
"Dad have you been polishing the table?"
It was not unknown for her father to do this.
"I might have." he said teasingly. Then he frowned. "Is it that obvious?" 
Jo laughed.
"It makes a damn good mirror."
He stared at the wood and started to beam.
"Mirror, mirror on the wall, who is the fairest of them all?"
At this a smile began to cover Jo's face. Her father's grins were rather 
infectious.
"Angelina Jolie?" she suggested.
Jo knew for a fact her father had a huge crush on the actress. It was the 
reason why the only films starring the her that they owned were kept a 
secret from Jo's mother. Aileen got jealous very easily.
"I was going to say you silly, but now you mention it-" he trailed off into 
a daydream.
"Dad?"
"Yes?"
"Food."
"Ah right."
With that brief reminder they started to chow down on the pie laid out 
before them. It looked like her father had finally got the settings on the 
microwave right. The pie was not too burnt and was even edible! Jo was 
impressed. John Sanders was notoriously bad at cooking even on the 
simplest levels. It was a little embarrassing sometimes. She had learnt 
the hard way never to invite friends round for tea at her father's house. 
That incident happened after shortly after John Sanders moved into his 
new house.
	A wave of nostalgia hit her at this memory and brought along a 
flurry of others. She remembered that time Cally had come home to her 
father's house, yelling about her day. Jo and Cally shared a bedroom 
and when her sister had barged in she prepared herself for the throwing 
of furniture (her preparation consisted of standing beside the wardrobe 
so she could use its wooden doors as protection) but instead Cally 
simply continued to shout. She glanced briefly at the light bulb on the 
ceiling. After a few minutes Cally went silent and it started to ooze a 
rather disgusting liquid. This memory reminded Jo a lot of the warped 
story Yasmine had described at lunchtime. By the time John Sanders 
came upstairs there was a puddle of the gunge on the floor. He 
attended to Cally first however, with one huge hug. She virtually fell into 
his arms, all of a sudden crying and exhausted. Once she was fully 
comforted he came over to the liquid on the floor. He dipped a finger in 
it and said that the light bulb was leaking oil. Jo had believed him at the 
time, knowing nothing about light bulbs, but even now she could 
remember spotting a knowing look in his eyes. He hadn't told them 
everything. This knowledge made her think back to her father's study 
she'd intruded on barely a few minutes ago. Her free hand clenched on 
the paper in her pocket as she swallowed her mouthful of meat.
"Dad what is your job like?" 
John glanced up at his daughter mid-chew.
"Boring." he mumbled.
Having had practise at understanding her father when he had his mouth 
full Jo was just about able to translate his word.
"Come on tell me something about it!" Jo insisted.
"Why so interested all of a sudden?" replied John who had neatly 
polished his plate with his mouth. 
Jo supressed a smile, her father had a most unruly appetite. This was 
rather unfortunate considering his cooking skills. Plus he was not known 
for his table manners. Eating was more of a race against time than a 
time for conversation so it was only natural that he was going to spray 
his lovely new table with stuff that didn't bear thinking about.
"Why so defensive?" she asked as he reached for seconds.
"Touché."
"Well?"
John gestured at the remainder of pie sitting on Jo's plate. For the 
moment it was rather neglected.
"Aren't you going to eat that?"
She rolled her eyes. He was avoiding the subject completely. As per 
usual.
"Maybe when you tell me a little about what you do for a living! You 
just disappear into your study for hours on end and I'm getting tired of 
it."
"Can I have your pie please?"
She could tell from the grin on her father's face that he was fooling 
around but this simply bugged her.
"NO. Dad why are you so secretive? It's just a job."
"I'm not being secretive; I just don't want to bore you with the details. 
Trust me; my work bores me on a day to day basis." he lied, shoving 
another spoonful of pastry into his mouth.
Jo didn't believe him. Her father was just as bad a liar as she was 
sometimes.
"Then why do you bother with it? You spend hours locked up in your 
little study."
"Don't call it that, study sounds oppressive. Think of it as my little 
studio."
"But it is oppressive! I virtually never see you because of that damn 
room!" Jo felt an edge of desperation coming into her voice. This was 
ridiculous. "Dad the most I know about anything you do is that it's 
something to do with the government."
"Well that's true." John remained infuriatingly calm.
"Oh come on! It's not like it's top secret!" 
"Actually I think you'll find it is." Jo's mouth hung open in a small 'o' 
shape. He surveyed her, in a way that made her want to apologise 
instantly for ever daring to protest, before pushing away his plate. 
"Speaking of work I have stuff to be getting on with. You can finish off 
my pie, I'm not really hungry."
He stood up and left the table. Jo was tongue tied. She had not been 
expecting that, of all revelations. She sighed. Jo had seen the look on his 
face, he was upset and she had a feeling he'd gone up to the study for 
more than just simple work reasons. Not that his work was that simple 
as far as she was concerned.
	She finished his slice of pie which only made her feel guiltier 
before going up to her bedroom. There, in the confines of her room, she 
took the sheet of crushed paper from her blazer pocket and unfolded it 
but before she could examine any of its content the doorbell rang. 
Knowing her father was busy, most likely avoiding her, Jo went to 
answer the door.
"Hello?"
She was surprised to find herself greeting Officer Porter. 
"I need to talk to your father."
"Is it about his work?" asked Jo with sudden interest.
"No." Linda noticed how the girl seemed to deflate when she heard that 
reply. "It's about your sister's boyfriend."
"Really?" 
Jo's eyes were suddenly twinkling.
"Yes. Is your father available?"
"Erm..." Jo glanced upstairs. "Not really. I can take a message."
Jo felt a little like an answerphone on saying those words but ignored 
the feeling and listened eagerly.
"Okay." said Linda reluctantly. "Dolph is on the run at the moment for 
criminal reasons. If any of your family see him please contact us."
"Criminal reasons?"
"We found cocaine in his bedroom." At the mention of 'we' Jo couldn't 
help but notice the absence of Rory by the officer's side. As for the 
cocaine situation she wasn't terribly shocked. In fact she felt rather 
smug. Hadn't she told Cally that Dolph was bad for her? Yes she had. 
Repeatedly. Now she'd finally be able to tell her sister to her face "I told 
you so". This visit from the police would unfailingly prove her point. 
However bearing in mind that she still had the bruise on her face from 
the heels she had a feeling that mocking Cally would be a bad idea. "You 
don't look that shocked." Linda commented.
"I wouldn't put it past Dolph to be that stupid." Jo replied.
"Well please tell your father. I'm just about to pay a visit to your 
mother's house."
"Sure."
Jo closed the door and walked back over to the dinner table. She knew 
she should probably tell her father about it straight away but she was 
also aware that facing him now would not be fun. As if she wasn't 
feeling guilty enough! There was no harm in looking at the crinkled 
paper she'd been on the verge of examining before. She flattened out 
the material on the shiny surface of the table and gasped. On the paper 
before her was a picture of a stranger's head. The person's eyes were 
leaking a disgusting black liquid that Jo thought seemed all too familiar. 
She found herself wincing at the sight of it. 
       The picture was labelled in great detail. It was an old diagram. 
Jo wondered why her father had thrown it away in the first place as 
he'd obviously gone to a lot of effort with the annotations. She squinted 
at the small, squished blocks of handwriting and tried to read her 
father's words. The first thing she read was the title as it was the largest 
bit of writing on the sheet and therefore the easiest part to read, 
although not necessarily to understand.
Ocular discharge
Jo guessed that this meant eye leakage in a more scientific language. 
Then she started to look at the labels.
Haemohydro (haemoglobin-hydrocarbon) is present.
Those bracketed words seemed familiar. Jo was sure they'd been 
mentioned in at least one science lesson at school. She thought about it 
in a bit more depth. Jo wasn't expecting to be successful so she 
surprised herself with her own scientific knowledge as she remembered 
that a hydrocarbon was a kind of fuel such as oil and that haemoglobin 
was something found in the blood.
Tear glands have been infected by telekinesis. Or something tele-like.
What? Now that made no sense whatsoever. Jo was beginning to 
understand why her father had thrown this sheet away.
Calculations show the person implicating the damage will have struck 
from approximately a metre away without physically touching the 
victim.
Below this were various sums scrawled into the page corner. Jo couldn't 
understand a word of it.
0.16 recurring people out of 10 suffer from this medical problem. Does 
that mean that 0.16 recurring percent of the population are made up of 
people capable of telekinesis?
There was a huge question mark scrawled over this section of the paper 
so the sentence itself was barely readable. Then underneath he 
scrawled the answer.
NO.
This comment was obviously added at a later date.
See medical records for evidence of supernatural influences. Doctors 
claim it is a genetic disease but data disproves their theories and backs 
up mine. Melinda claimed to hear a high pitched giggling that nobody 
else could, not uncommon with this situation.
At the bottom of the page Jo could just about make out the conclusion. 
There was not much space on the page left for it and the tiny writing 
was difficult to decipher.
Conclusion: Melinda Edwards was victim to telekinetic influences. She 
displays similar traits I have researched from other records. The woman 
who murdered her was the second to be given the chemical but it was a 
strong overdose and her own powers killed her from the inside out as 
they did to Edwards. 
It seemed that the more Jo read the less she understood. What 
chemical? Powers? None of it made any sense. She felt rather 
concerned about her father's mental health by this point. 
	Jo turned the paper over checking to see if anything useful was 
written on the back. There was. It was one of her father's to do lists he 
always wrote when he was panicking about something.
Cally - Keep a close eye on her after that leak.
Check chemicals for contamination.
Make sure Jo hasn't been infected.
This time Jo had a better idea of what was going on. Some time ago, 
after her parents had split up her father spent more and more time in 
the study. One day Jo was in the middle of doing her homework and she 
heard violent coughing from the room. Cally had insisted that they go 
and check it out.  So her sister had led the way. Together the girls had 
stood outside the door cautious of whether they should or shouldn't 
enter but then their father rushed out from the room spluttering. His 
clothes were covered in grey smoke and more of the substance wafted 
out of the air. He was wearing a helmet much to their surprise. The 
substance wafted right into Cally's face. John had warned them both to 
get back and closed the door behind him. Whenever the girls referred to 
that incident he said it was just a minor leak, of what they had no clue, 
but he always looked at Cally in concern when the leak was mentioned. 
       Now Jo understood a lot more of that. The chemicals he talked 
about constantly in his notes were the fluorescent liquids in the test 
tubes and judging from the helmet he had been wearing at the time and 
the gear on the coat hanger that Jo had seen when she investigated her 
father's study, there was high risk involved with handling them. 
Somehow these chemicals were related to the supernatural powers her 
father mentioned. Telekinesis; surely he had to be joking!? But then 
again if the substance that Cally had got a face full of that day was the 
result of a chemical experiment gone wrong did that mean that she too 
had these powers? Jo thought back carefully. Had her sister ever shown 
evidence of being able to move or control things with her mind? 
"Yes." she gasped. "I don't believe I am genuinely considering this!"
Jo felt crazy for thinking it but the time that light bulb had leaked 
supposedly oil in their bedroom Cally had been angry. Really angry. But 
when John came in she'd been distracted and the leak had stopped. 
She'd been exhausted afterwards. The only decent excuse for this was 
that the disturbing leak had been a drain on her powers. Then there was 
today with Mrs Richardson. The teacher had been yelling at her before 
she started hearing voices and the leaking projector fell down. Yet that 
was by far a drastic change in Cally's powers when compared to the 
meagre light bulb incident. Something must've boosted her power. But 
what?
	Then Jo started to consider the disturbing options. What if 
Cally's boosted powers could kill? What if Cally had killed Diane that 
fateful weekend? What if Cally had killed Mr Porter, that friendly 
substitute teacher whose remains were found in a ditch a while back? 
He had always got on Cally's nerves but personally Jo had liked him. She 
felt a shiver of fear weave its way through her body. Could her sister 
have done all of this? Jo knew it was all very well to speculate, but she 
had to know what was boosting her sister's powers (if she had them, 
but by now Jo had herself convinced) if she wanted to know the facts. 
***
Dolph leered over his girlfriend. As he'd thought, she was totally 
helpless. 
"D-Dolph I feel - h-help me!" she squeaked. 
He could do whatever he wanted. Then the doorbell rang, interrupting 
his thoughts and actions.
"Back in a sec Cal. Don't you move a muscle."
"I - I don't think I can!"
I should hope so too, Dolph thought to himself. It had taken a lot of 
bargaining and unreasonable promises to get that kind of drug off Roy. 
Although he was rather impressed by the pain factor, that something 
supernatural about his girlfriend made things like these ten times 
worse. He crept over to the stairs and watched Aileen answer it. 
Unfortunately his fears were correct: the policewoman from earlier 
stood on the doorstep.
"I suppose you have more questions to ask my daughter?" huffed 
Aileen.
"Actually I was here to inform you that her boyfriend has been doing 
drugs but that sounds like a good idea too." Linda agreed.
"WHAT!?" Aileen screeched. She'd been on the verge of an explosion 
ever since her near shouting match with Cally. "I BET HE WAS THE ONE 
WHO TURNED HER ONTO THEM!"
"Excuse me?"
"I GOT A CALL FROM THE DOCTOR TODAY SAYING THAT TEST RESULTS 
SHOWED CALLY HAD BEEN TAKING COCAINE!"
At this Linda frowned.
"In that case do you mind if I search her bedroom."
"I ALREADY DID! FOUND A PACKET OF THE STUFF!" 
"Well, my search methods may be more thorough."
Aileen seemed to deflate a little at this news and nodded. Dolph rushed 
over to the bathroom door and locked it. Hopefully that would convince 
both the policewoman and Aileen that Cally was on the loo instead of 
being hidden in her own bedroom by her runaway boyfriend. He ran 
back inside the bedroom with barely any time on his hands. The 
policewoman was in the house. He groaned. So much for the perfect 
opportunity to get into Cally's pants at long last! What a waste. He 
sighed and loomed over her once more.
"Can you move Cal?"
"N-no." He couldn't be bothered to fake concern. He picked her up and 
simply slung her over his shoulder. She let out a scream at this. "It - it 
hurts."
Startled by her yell, he dropped her. She screamed louder. Both the 
policewoman and Aileen ran upstairs. Dolph could hear their hurried 
footsteps on the staircase outside the bedroom.
"Damn!" he swore. He knelt down beside his girlfriend. "Cal I need you 
to be quite for me yeah? It'll be over soon."
"O-okay."
Despite everything Cally still trusted him. It wasn't his fault he was 
clumsy. She knew she loved Dolph and that was all she needed. Cally 
found it difficult to form words as the paralysis took over but she could 
still yell or make guttural noises if she tried hard enough. Realising this 
Dolph ran to the laundry basket in the corner of the room and opened 
it. He took out the top layer of smelly clothing and dumped Cally in 
below it. Then he piled the rest of the laundry on top of her to hide the 
girl sufficiently and muffle her cries. She gagged slightly. 
"Don't move!" he hissed and forcefully closed the lid.
Dolph ran over to the windows sill, jumped up onto the ledge and pulled 
the curtains in front of him. He was just in the nick of time. 
	Aileen brutally wrenched open the door. From the noise it made 
Dolph felt a little sorry for it.
"CALLY? Are you okay?"
Dolph closed his eyes and prayed that Cally would do as he had told her 
to. Much to his relief she said nothing. Or at least if she did maybe his 
muffling technique had worked effectively. The policewoman scanned 
the room. 
"She's not in here."
"But I heard her scream -"
"I heard her too. Maybe she's in the bathroom?"
Aileen sighed in relief at this option.
"Yes, new spots never fail to annoy her. That has to be it." She nipped 
into the corridor and tried the door handle to the bathroom. The door 
was locked. "Cally are you okay in there?" No reply. Aileen relaxed 
visibly. "Okay well I'll leave you to your sulking." With that she re-joined 
Linda who had already begun to search the room. Dolph held his breath 
as he heard the clattering of the policewoman moving about objects in 
the room. She opened the laundry basket and delved into it slightly but 
did not dig far enough to find Cally fortunately for Dolph. Now he could 
hear her coming in his direction as she checked different items and 
pieces of furniture. She was virtually right next to him! Her hand stroked 
the side of the curtains much to Dolph's dismay. "I still have the packet 
if you want to look at it." commented Aileen.
Linda turned.
"Yes that would be useful."
"It's just downstairs." Together the pair left the room but Dolph waited 
for at least ten minutes until emerging from his hiding place. He crept 
out to the staircase once more and listened in on the conversation. 
"Will you need to do anymore searching?"
"No, this packet is more useful than you realise. How long will Cally be?"
"A good few hours when it comes down to moping."
"Too long to stick around for then. I will come by tomorrow morning for 
questioning. Thank you for your help."
Dolph waited until he heard the front door close and then returned to 
the room. He opened the laundry basket and started to chuck Cally's 
dirty clothes around her room. He knew Aileen would just assume she'd 
had another one of her temper tantrums and wouldn't question the 
extra messiness at all. Finally he got to his girlfriend. Her body lay limply 
amongst the clothing. Her legs and arms rubbed against the rough 
edges of the basket leaving sore red marks on her skin. Cally was barely 
conscious. Her eyelids opened and closed slowly as if she were in a 
daze. He knew she probably was.
"D-dol-ph-" she muttered.
"I'm here. Sorry about that."
"S-s'okay."
He grabbed her by the arms and lifted her out of the basket, more 
gently for fear of her screams raising the alarm for a second time. He 
could tell from the expression on her face that the movement still hurt a 
lot. Cally felt as if her joints were slowly rusting. He hooked her up into a 
position you often saw in movies where her back and legs rested on his 
arms and her own arm was dangling over his shoulder. It was less 
dramatic than it was in the films considering the fact that Dolph was 
barely strong enough to carry his semi-conscious girlfriend. He took a 
few steps towards the bed, tripped and fell onto the covers. At least 
they both got a soft landing. Dolph glanced nervously at Cally. Her eyes 
were closed and she was breathing heavily. It looked like the drug had 
finally knocked her out. He wished it hadn't taken so long but smirked 
all the same.
"Now, where were we?"
***
Rory was having a day off unsurprisingly. Linda had a feeling that when 
he got back he'd milk the guilt out of her for all he was worth but for the 
moment she envied him. It was Diane's funeral today. The last time 
Linda had seen the girl's mother she'd looked pretty upset along with 
her husband. She didn't want to intrude on the ceremony but it was the 
only way she'd be able to interview the parents properly about their 
daughter. She would have done another house visit but when she came 
last time she had barely been able to step inside due to fear. This couple 
had a pet snake. Snakes had always terrified Linda, ever since she was a 
little girl and caught a viewing of Snakes On a Plane on the television by 
accident. The way they slithered about the place, the sheen of their 
scales - everything about them petrified her. She knew that she was 
head of the police department and could get someone else to do it for 
her, but she wanted to get this done herself. 
	The last time she had seen Mr and Mrs Metters she'd only been 
able to tell them the bad news. She also managed to stutter a little 
reassurance saying that they would find who murdered Diane and 
would bring him or her to justice. It had sounded like a line out of a 
cheesy movie and rather unconvincing to say the least. Linda sighed and 
hoped that not too many reporters had had the same idea as her. Since 
she was going for a more discreet look she was dressed in her casual 
clothing instead of uniform and took her regular car to the church. Linda 
hoped that they wouldn't recognise her, or at least that if they did they 
would assume it was just because she was a friend of Diane's. She didn't 
want to alarm the distressed couple further. Surely they'd been through 
enough by now. Part of Linda knew exactly how they felt. She wouldn't 
interrogate them directly, she'd just engage with polite, curious 
conversation. If they asked her who she was she would tell them the 
truth. It was as simple as that. She didn't want to give the parents any 
more reason to avoid her.
	These thoughts whirled about her head like violent gusts of 
wind as she sat on the pews. She was painfully aware that Mr and Mrs 
Metters were on the row just behind her, sobbing their eyes out along 
with many others as Jo Sanders read out a poem about her friend. She'd 
written it herself for the occasion. She stood at the front nervously.
"I-I'm not very good with words so I'm sorry if it comes out a bit 
blabbery." she told her audience. Then she started to recite the rhymes 
she'd spent ages meticulously writing out.
"I met you through my sister,
Now I can't help but miss ya.
Please give me a sign.
I keep hoping you're alive.
Now we're all struggling 
I feel like I'm juggling
All these thoughts round and round and round in my head.
So from me,
And everybody here
Goodbye Diane
It's a shame your game plan 
Didn't work out."
Jo stepped down, the tears streaming across her face. The audience 
applauded and her father gave her a big hug. He had work he should be 
doing but he was due a day off and his daughters needed him; today 
more than ever. John made a brief scan of the church. Where was Cally? 
He knew Aileen would have work but it was unlike his daughter to not 
show. 
	Linda applauded along with everyone else at Jo's performance. 
It had been very sweet; she hadn't realised that Jo had known Diane 
that well. She had assumed that Cally was the best friend. Now Linda 
found herself re-thinking that view. Where was Jo's sister anyways? 
       Diane's coffin was lifted up and two men carried it down the 
aisle. Linda started to blend into the crowd as everyone stood up and 
filed after them. It was easy; she simply had to mill about along with 
everyone else. They were slowly exiting the church building so they 
could stand by and watch the coffin being buried. This was her 
opportunity to talk to the parents. She ensured that she kept close to 
them as the mob swarmed about the church at a sluggish pace. Linda 
stepped after them through the ornate doors covered in intricate, yet 
religious patterning. The mark of Jesus' sacrifice was repeated a million 
times on its surface, idolised in a golden print. As the crowd shuffled 
into the church graveyard Linda found herself stretching her neck to 
look back at the door but it was too late now. That wasn't what she was 
there for anyways. The group of people slowly gathered around a pre-
dug grave. The coffin bearers lowered Diane into the ground whilst 
everybody remained respectfully silent. There were a lot of people at 
the ceremony which only made it more upsetting; Diane had had a lot 
of friends. 
       There was a crunch as the coffin hit the bottom of the grave and 
people started to file away. Most of them stopped to say how sorry they 
were to the parents about their daughter but many simply walked off to 
leave the pair in peace. There was a long queue stretching out in front 
of Mr and Mrs Metters. Linda decided to stick around until it had 
shortened and wiped away the tears. She always cried at funerals, it 
didn't matter whether she knew the victim or not. Besides, nobody this 
young deserved to die so early.
       ***
Cally slept strangely that night. She dreamt about the most bizarre 
situations. As she snored the dreams were already well under way. In 
the first part of it she ate dinner with a walnut and a surprisingly large 
squirrel. The walnut seemed disturbingly suicidal and was insisting that 
Cally should eat it, but she was disgusted by the very thought of eating 
her new friend. The squirrel was backing up the walnut unsurprisingly. 
Then it changed scene and continued to flit between different ones for 
the rest of her time sleeping. But, constantly throughout each scenario, 
there was a girl called Heather who seemed to be warning her about 
something and telling her what to do, although Cally couldn't work out 
what. The blonde sounded like she was speaking French, so it was 
difficult to tell what she was saying. All Cally could work out was that 
whatever the girl was telling her she was being bossy about it. Then 
there was something rather weird about an ancient cheese grater but it 
dissolved into a dirty liquid that seemed to consume her lungs. This 
woke Cally up with a start, as she felt like she was choking.
        When Cally sat up she put her hand on her forehead instantly. 
She felt hung over. She glanced at the clock and found she'd slept in by 
a good few hours. It was too late to think of a decent excuse for why she 
was late for school. She could tell from the silence of the house that her 
mother had already left for work. She had a splitting headache and 
could remember little of what happened the previous night other than 
Dolph staying over, although thought of her boyfriend filled her with 
glee.
"Good morning sleepy head." greeted Dolph.
He was perched on the end of her bed.
"Why didn't you wake me up?" she questioned angrily.
Dolph attempted to hide his frown. He had. Repeatedly. But she refused 
to even open her eyes. The stuff he'd given her last night must've have 
been stronger than he'd thought. So much for his food fight plan, it 
would have to wait for another day. On the bright side at least he'd got 
what he wanted last night.
"You looked so peaceful, besides I think we're due a skive."
She sighed.
"You're right." Cally smiled. "As always."
She glanced at the clock again and gasped.
"What is it this time?" he moaned.
"I'm half an hour late for Diane's funeral! It'll be over soon!"
"Well come on then!" 
He held out a tray of cooked breakfast before her.
"Dolph did you do this?"
"Well duh."
"For me?"
"Well, I did it for myself first."
She giggled.
"Thanks. But I don't have time to eat much."
She took the tray from him and gulped down the bacon at a record rate. 
"You should eat more than that." Dolph insisted. 
He needed her strong if he wanted her to be sufficiently ready for the 
food fight tomorrow.  She waffled down the baked beans before getting 
out of bed.
"I'm going to get changed now. Don't look."
"Seriously? Cally you're my girlfriend for crying out loud!"
"Fine I'll get changed in the bathroom." she huffed.
She grabbed some clothes from the wardrobe and left before Dolph 
could protest. After a few minutes she returned.
"Let's go."
As soon as Cally got out of the door she started to run. It was difficult 
for Dolph to keep up with her.
"Why so speedy?" he asked.
"I'M OVER HALF AN HOUR LATE DOLPH WHY DO YOU THINK?" she 
bellowed.
He held up his hands in a defensive gesture.
"Okay! Don't take it out on me."
"You were supposed to wake me up!" she grumbled and sped up.
Dolph started to sprint in order to talk to his girlfriend.
"Can - we - slow - down?" he panted.
"No. I thought you were good at sports!" she complained.
"Not - running."
"Evidently." Cally agreed.
"Isn't - the church - really - close to your house - anyways?"
"That's my dad's house."
"Oh."
From then on Dolph didn't say much. He just tried to keep up the pace 
he was going at. They got a few odd looks as they raced towards the 
other side of town but the pair finally made it to the church graveyard. 
It was next to empty. Only three people remained on the grounds. 
Diane's parents and a woman who looked familiar but Cally couldn't 
work out where she'd seen her before. Diane did have a rather 
extensive network of friends. Cally hurtled towards the grave where the 
remaining people stood. Sure enough, it was Diane's grave stone. It had 
her name on it and the year she was born in and died in as traditional 
but there was a quote that made her smile. It was just so - Di.
"For some moments in life there are no words."
It was a quote from Willy Wonka and the Chocolate Factory. 	Diana 
and Cally been in a particularly boring ICT lesson which consisted of 
spread sheets. So they'd looked up gravestone quotes when they got 
tired of the class work. This had been one of them.
       The parents came over to her.
"Cally can you thank your sister for us, the poem she read out was very 
- good." said Mrs Metters. 
Tears still streaked down her face and her voice was a little wobbly but 
it was easy enough to understand her words. It looked like Cally had 
missed the entire ceremony.  Yet, although she wished it had been her 
reading the poem instead of her sister, she found that she couldn't 
summon any anger. Dolph was surprised about this but Cally wasn't. 
She was too busy being upset about the fact that her dead friend lay 
barely centimetres away from her underground. She sat down in front 
of the grave and Dolph joined her. He was rather alarmed and unsure of 
what to do when she started to cry, her body shaking. He reached out 
nervously and put his arm around her. Her sobs did not lessen but she 
hadn't hit him which was good. He shook his head. Cally just didn't 
make any sense, but then again the drugs probably didn't help.
	Linda turned to the parents. Now was the time to seize the 
opportunity. She felt like a traitor, but work was work.
"I'm so sorry for your loss. It must've been so unexpected."
Mrs Metters nodded slightly but was too busy crying to reply. Instead 
her husband replied.
"Not really."
"What do you mean?"
"You know what society is like these days. The police could do a better 
job."
 6
He narrowed his eyes as he mentioned the p-word. Linda could feel him 
seeing right through her disguise and repressed a shiver.
"Honey stop it. They're doing their best." argued Mrs Metters who had 
managed to stop crying enough to retort. "It was the head of the police 
department who came to see us remember?"
"Doesn't mean she'll do any better than an average officer."
Linda was getting increasingly more uncomfortable and tried to shift the 
topic of conversation without sounding completely tactless.
"Where were you when you found out the news?"
"I was home when the policewoman came round to our house. It was 
my day off." Mrs Metters whimpered.
"I was at work. I was barely a few blocks away can you believe it? I 
could've stopped it." 
"There was nothing you could've done." Linda reassured.
"We could've stopped her going to those parties! You even knew what 
she was up to didn't you!" he exclaimed turning on his wife. She simply 
sobbed. "TELL HER WHAT YOU TOLD ME YESTERDAY!"
Linda stepped inbetween the pair. This was getting out of hand.
"I don't want to know." she said firmly.
Mr Metters ignored her.
"GO ON, REMIND ME!" he yelled.
"No." whispered his wife. "I - I don't want you ordering me about."
At this announcement Mr Metters started to stride towards her. Linda 
found herself stuck in the middle of his path. Now she had to quit 
pretending.
"Sir please step away."
"MAKE ME!"
"If you don't step away I will make you."
He snorted. Linda kicked him in the groin and he let out a moan of pain 
as he fell to his knees. Linda gestured to his shocked wife. The woman 
promptly moved a little further out of harm's way. She was trembling.
"I'm sorry, he's upset. He always gets like this when he's upset."
"Just how many times has he tried that?" asked Linda in an appalled 
tone.
From her silence she gathered more than once. That was when Mr 
Metters grabbed her legs and pulled. Linda fell backwards. As her head 
hit the ground she saw stars. But then the beautiful night sky was 
interrupted by Mr Metters' head as he loomed over her. 
"Mind your own business." he hissed. "GAYLE TELL HER!"
	Cally tensed in Dolph's arms at the yelling going on behind her. 
How dare they shout in a graveyard! They were disrespecting all the 
people at rest on the grounds! But most importantly, they were 
disrespecting Diane. Cally turned and Dolph quickly let go of her. She 
stared at the scene. Linda was on the floor and slowly getting to her 
feet; Mr Metters was marching towards his wife and she looked 
terrified. Cally felt her anger concentrate into a small white spot. It was 
focussed on Diane's father. Cally smiled. After that time with Mrs 
Richardson she understood a little more about what she was doing. This 
time round she knew how to aim.
       Mr Metters was only a few paces away from Gayle when he 
collapsed. He writhed on the ground. Sensibly his wife kept her 
distance. Linda ran over to him. A disgusting, oily liquid oozed from his 
gaping mouth. She grabbed her phone and called an ambulance. On 
hanging up she glanced at Gayle.
"You can come closer if you want, whatever this is he's not faking."
She shook her head. Then her eyes widened in recognition.
"You're that policewoman aren't you?" she asked in a tiny voice.
"Yes. I'm sorry I had to interrogate you that way."
"I-I'm glad you were here." she squeaked.
Linda remembered Cally and glanced behind her. She was standing in a 
venomous pose. But suddenly she looked frail and weak. More 
importantly Dolph was by her side. He was gazing at her in awe. 
"Hey!" she called. 
They ran. Linda groaned. She should've brought more people with her 
so she had backup on the scene. She reached for her phone again to call 
for more police to chase after the kids but they'd probably be too late to 
catch them. Linda knew that she couldn't leave Gayle alone with her 
husband. Although he looked in no state to hurt her there was no saying 
how long he would stay like that for. Mrs Metters came over and sat by 
her husband's side. 
"I- I told him that she was our daughter and if she was going to go to 
these parties we should trust her to look after herself. She came back 
late every weekend but she was cautious enough to have a good time 
without going over the top." she said. "I know it's pathetic that I let him 
push me around like that but I can't leave him because then he'll be 
alone with Diane."
Linda sensed that Gayle had been bottling this up inside herself for a 
long time. The words seemed to rush out of her mouth, impatient at the 
long wait to be spoken.
"Diane is dead now. You don't owe her that protection anymore." As 
Linda said this she looked down upon the still Mr Metters. A pool of the 
horrible oily substance was gathering underneath his chin as the 
remains dripped from his mouth. It was no longer a steady flow of the 
vile stuff. Funny how it had stopped as soon as Dolph and Cally had left, 
Linda had a strange feeling that the liquid was something to do with 
Cally. She'd looked so powerful, and then so fragile. Anyways, if Mr 
Metters survived to tell the tale, he was a new suspect. He seemed 
upset enough about his daughter, but if he treated his wife that way 
then who was to say he didn't do the same to Diane? "Gayle, has your 
husband ever hurt you?"
"No, Charles just got angry. I think he may have gotten close to it a few 
times but all he did was scare me." She looked down at her husband 
wistfully. "This is the most he has ever scared me."
Linda sighed. At least that was something, if the woman was telling the 
truth.
"How did he act towards Diane?"
"They had a rather off and on relationship." Gayle replied cautiously. 
"Sometimes they'd argue and sometimes they'd enjoy themselves. One 
minute they'd be laughing the next they'd be shouting over a silly little 
thing like misunderstandings over homework."
	The sound of multiple sirens cut through her trail of thought. 
The ambulance was there and so were the police. Or rather, Mark. The 
paramedics rushed out from the white vehicle to see to Charles and 
Linda stood to meet her backup.
"So what do you need me down here for?" he asked.
"Before this man collapsed I saw Dolph standing by his girlfriend." Linda 
informed him.
"He's the teenage druggie who assaulted Rory, right?"
"Yes."
"Why didn't you chase after him?"
Linda gritted her teeth.
"Because I couldn't leave Gayle alone and you didn't turn up fast 
enough."
"He's her husband for Christ's sake! Surely she could have kept an eye 
on him fine by herself!" Mark exclaimed.
"He scares her. Look, Dolph went that way," Linda pointed in the 
direction the couple had fled in. "you take that route I'll take this one; 
we'll stay in contact via phone."
"Fine."
"Good."
They set off at a run on their individuals routes. 
       After a few minutes of this with no sight of Dolph or Cally Linda 
felt her phone vibrate in her pocket.  She picked it up and answered the 
call.
"Hello?"
"Any luck yet?"
It was Mark.
"No, you?"
"Nope."
"Then why are you calling me?"
"It's boring running down the streets on your own. People give you 
funny looks. I just want to chat."
"Well we've had a chat so why don't you just get back to it?"
"I can run and talk at the same time surprisingly enough." 
Linda groaned. Mark smiled.
"What do you want?" she asked.
"I want to talk about Rory."
"Ok-ay." He was after something. Whether it was information or just a 
glare Linda had no idea. She had a feeling he would have both by the 
end of their conversation and was beginning to wish she hadn't called 
for backup in the first place. Mark was quiet for a while. "You still 
there?"
"Yeah, thinking." Linda snorted. "Do you like Rory?"
"Of course I like him otherwise we wouldn't be working on so much of 
this case together!" she replied.
"Uh huh."
"It's really difficult to work with someone you hate."
"So you hate him then?"
"What? I never said that."
"You act different around him you know."
"Really?" Linda deadpanned.
She was completely unconvinced.
"Linda I'm not the only person who's spotted it."
"Don't call me Linda!" she snapped.
"See? You let him call you by your first name. That has to mean 
something."
She struggled to find an argument for that. 
"Maybe I'm just forgetful when I'm with him." she retorted.
When Mark next spoke she could hear the smugness coming at her in 
waves.
"Sure you are." His voice was practically dripping with sarcasm. "Answer 
this question, honestly. Do you like like him?"
"What on Earth are you talking about?"
"You know what I mean."
"How old are you?!" Linda exclaimed finally getting his meaning. Mark's 
phrasing made him sound like a school child. "Our relationship is strictly 
professional."
"Oh come on at least think about it."
At this point Linda hung up only to receive another phone call barely a 
few seconds afterwards. It was Mark, again. She sighed and answered 
for the second time. She had a feeling she was going to regret it.
"What now?"
"I've found them."
***
John Sanders sighed. Jo had at long last remembered to tell him about 
Dolph's drug addiction. To be honest he wasn't terribly surprised. From 
what Cally had told him about Dolph (she did tend to go on about the 
boy a lot before they finally got together) his bad boy reputation was 
part of what made him so attractive. He just hoped that it wasn't 
affecting Cally. Next time he saw her they needed to have a serious talk. 
Whether it was about anger, drugs or grief something needed to be 
said. He knew from experience that although Aileen may care, she just 
couldn't find the right words for these matters. John was both surprised 
and confused by Cally's absence at the funeral. But again, he couldn't do 
anything about it unless he saw her.
	He sighed as he entered the study. Jo was back at school and 
most likely still in tears after the depressing start to the day. He hoped 
that her friends would be able to cheer her up. It was just as well that 
she wasn't in the house; she'd be far safer that way. John opened the 
creaky door and put on his helmet and goggles for safety. Today he was 
going to do a very important experiment. If it succeeded it would 
provide vital information for his boss and his family, although the latter 
wouldn't realise it. He put on a pair of rubber gloves. It was exceedingly 
important that he did not let one drop of the filthy Haemohydro 
chemical touch his hand. The substance was contained by a test tube, in 
a separate cupboard of its own for health and safety reasons. 
       When John opened the door to the cupboard he could barely 
see the chemical because its black colouring blended in so well with the 
darkness surrounding it. He turned the light on in the study and reached 
out for the liquid. His sweaty fingers closed around the test tube and he 
removed it from the cupboard. He was nervous but it was only to be 
expected. If he couldn't even cook there was a pretty good chance that 
a simple experiment, such as this one, would go wrong. John's hand 
shook as he held the test tube above his desk. He brushed the scrap 
paper off of it to make space for the Haemohydro and picked up a 
diagram he had made earlier. He glanced at it. This was too important 
for words, everything had to go perfectly. 
       John leant over to grab the test tube on the other side of the 
desk. It contained a luminous liquid. He had nicknamed the fluorescent 
blue chemical 'Frost'. It wasn't hard to guess why. The substance was 
freezing cold, even at room temperature. It made little sense, but that 
wasn't unusual in his job. John was used to it by now. 
       He grabbed a beaker from his equipment drawer and poured 
the contents of the blackened test tube into it. It slowly dripped out 
from its containment. The Haemohydro had grown rather gloopy over 
time; John dreaded to think what would happen when it started to rot 
inside Cally. Then it had the potential to block up god knows what. On 
the bright side at least it wasn't corrosive. Well it was a little, but it 
wasn't a threat to his daughter just yet. He tipped the Frost into the 
beaker. It poured out much faster than the Haemohydro. The fluid 
trickled into the beaker almost as soon as John tilted it, yet he knew one 
touch could give him frostbite. His boss had sent it to him along with the 
other chemicals in a rather securely sealed box. The man knew that 
John was doing the experiment of course; he could only go ahead with it 
if he had sufficient permission.
       And then all there was left to do was watch. So John watched. 
He'd gotten through the main stage of the experiment without 
contaminating himself or anything but the beaker. That was pretty 
good. He took the test tubes and went to wash them in the kitchen 
whilst the concoction did its business. John knew from countless 
experience these mixtures took a little time to sort themselves out. He'd 
tried so many different combinations since Cally had been 
contaminated. This was the most dangerous by far, if he had 
mishandled either substance it would've been the end for him. But he 
hadn't. John let out a deep sigh, he could breathe freely now.
        He dried the equipment and brought the two test tubes back 
up to the study. He dumped them in the drawer amongst the rest of the 
chaos in there. John made a mental note to clean up that drawer at 
some point. Then he returned to the mixture on the table. The 
concoction had formed into layers. The top layer of the Haemohydro 
was frozen. The icy blue sheen that surrounded it was rather pretty due 
to its reflective surface. John sighed. It didn't look like it had worked.
"There goes another possible cure out the window." he murmured. 
He reached out for the beaker but was startled by a strange cracking 
sound that came from the Haemofrost compound. The Frost seemed to 
be working its way through the Haemohydro towards the bottom of it. 
John gasped as the pressure of the Frost made the Haemohydro below 
give way. The substance crumbled into tiny pieces with a loud groan yet 
the beaker remained intact. John grinned; he'd been working on this for 
so long. At long last he could finally save Cally from her impending 
doom! Just in the nick of time too, her symptoms had been getting 
worse the last time he'd seen her. John now knew that he could crack 
the Haemohydro inside her without even hurting her body with any 
luck. But how to give it to her? If the Frost was added separately he'd 
give her throat frostbite. He had to add the chemicals together. He 
could do it tonight. That was when he'd next see her anyways. She'd be 
just in time for dinner.
***
Dolph was running. He'd never run so fast in his life, it was a shame that 
his girlfriend couldn't keep up. A policeman had spotted them barely 
minutes ago and had given chase. They had to lose him. Dolph didn't 
care how, they just had to. Cally, however, was slowing him down.
"Come on Cal!"
Ever since she used her powers on Charles Metters she'd seemed a bit 
out of it. Then again, she was always like this after using them.
"I-I can't!" she gasped.
Cally took a few steps, then tottered into the pile of dustbin bags piled 
up on the street beside them. At least it was a soft landing. Dolph 
groaned. He was really getting tired of her constant collapsing. It was 
irritating. But the boost that strong drugs gave her powers always 
seemed to make her even more exhausted after using them. Dolph 
glanced behind him. He could hear Mark coming around the corner. He 
looked back at Cally. Maybe her collapsing wasn't such a bad thing after 
all. He dived into the pile of dustbin bags outside the bins and pushed 
her underneath with him. He put his hand over her mouth, he doubted 
she'd make any noise but there was no harm in being cautious. Dolph 
peered through the gaps inbetween the dustbin bags and wrinkled his 
nose. The smell was disgusting. He had a nasty feeling that he was going 
to stink of it afterwards. He watched Mark rush past. The policeman was 
talking into his phone.
"I think I've lost them. Yes I know, well what do you suggest?" he 
snapped.
His voice faded into the distance and Dolph began to climb out from the 
pungent pile of rubbish, dragging Cally with him.
"Dolph?" she muttered.
"What?"
"I need to tell you something."
"Okay." Dolph let go of her shoulders and she slid onto the ground in a 
sitting position. He sat down beside her. "Shoot."
"I - I think I've got these powers. It's almost like telekinesis - I can make 
horrible things happen to, well; anyone or anything I want."
He rolled his eyes. Had it really only just occurred to her?
"I know."
"You what?"
He wanted to tell her that it was blindingly obvious but decided to opt 
for the more romantic response. Or at least, it was romantic in Cally's 
eyes.
"I know you better than you do."
"I guess."
"Doesn't it feel good?"
"Pardon?"
"Never mind."
"No, what did you say?"
"Does it really matter?"
"Fine."
Cally got to her feet. Dolph sensed that she was a little annoyed with 
him, he had to change that. If she'd finally realised that she could do 
whatever she wanted to whoever she wanted he didn't want to be in 
her bad books.
"I'm sorry Cal; I just don't like seeing you like this."
Her face still looked stormy but Dolph could tell that she was hiding a 
smile at his concern.
"Let's go back home. Mum won't get back from work for hours." Dolph 
nodded with a smirk, mission accomplished. They started to walk back 
in the direction they had come in. "Why was that policeman chasing 
after us anyways?" Dolph frowned. He knew he had to be careful the 
way he said this. "Dolph have you been stealing again?"
The way Cally said it made her almost sound like she was squealing in 
delight. Dolph knew for a fact that his bad boy behaviour turned her on 
to a certain extent. He decided that he might as well play up to his 
reputation.
"It was just a little thing."
"Go on, tell me."
"No."
"Why not?"
"It'll spoil the surprise."
"Is it for me?"
Dolph sighed. Now he was going to have to steal her something to cover 
up the lie he was about to create.
"Maybe, maybe not. You're not going to see it until tomorrow."
Cally pouted. 
"Oh come on Dolph!"
"No."
They continued to walk into the distance but Cally was tiring fast. She 
seemed dead on her feet much to Dolph's annoyance but it was for this 
reason that she was letting slip a little more information than intended.
"I'm meant to be staying at my dad's tonight. Do you want to come?"
"Course I do." Dolph lied. He'd had enough time with his girlfriend for 
one day, but it wasn't like he had anywhere else to go. "But you can't 
tell your dad I'm staying over."
"Why not?"
"Just trust me."
"Your eyes are pretty."
"What?"
"Nothing."
They continued walking for a bit in silence.
"How far away is your mum's house?"
"My dad's house is closer. I'll text mum to say I'm going straight to his or 
something." Cally brought out her phone and did so. They kept walking. 
"Dolph I need to tell you something else as well," she began.
"What now?"
He wondered if she'd had another stupidly obvious revelation such as 
realising her mood swings were ridiculous half the time.
"I think I love you."
"You think?" he asked in horror.
"Well I don't know, I've never been in love before. Is this what it feels 
like?"
Dolph felt the urge to back away from her desperately. He forced 
himself to stay close. If she loved him, then she wouldn't turn on him 
with her powers.
"Yes."
"So..." she trailed off, but when she spoke again her words came out so 
fast they were difficult to make out. "do you love me back?"
Dolph hesitated, this was one huge lie he was about to pull off. He 
wasn't sure whether he was up to the challenge or not. 
"Sure."
That was a good response. That could go either way. It could stand for 
sure I do, or sure I don't. Dolph definitely knew what it stood for in this 
case but Cally didn't seem to get the gist. This confirming one word 
answer was enough for her.
"Really?"
"Sure."
She put one hand on his cheek and leant over to kiss him. Dolph knew 
that this was it; he'd have to start seeing new people soon. After all, all 
work and no play make Dolph a dull boy.
***
Jo was upset and stuck at school. She couldn't help wondering where 
her sister was. She knew that there was a good chance Cally was 
bunking for today. At least she was smart enough not to weep her eyes 
out at school but Jo had at least expected to see her at Diane's funeral. 
Cally had known Diane since primary school for god's sake! On the 
bright side, the anti-biotic the nurse had given Jo the other day seemed 
to have done its job well and her friends were constantly finding new 
ways to make her laugh. It was just as well, the depression of Diane's 
death had really come crashing down around her after that funeral. It 
was only now that the events truly hit home and Jo still felt like she was 
in shock from it all. A few days was not enough to get over someone 
being completely gone from your life and today's ceremony did nothing 
but enhance that fact. Although her friends did their best to comfort her 
part of Jo wished that her father was at the school. She wanted him to 
give her one of his big bear hugs and swear to her everything was going 
to be alright. No such luck. Jo felt hollow inside. It was rather awkward 
when Yasmine tried to strike up a conversation.
"Did you hear about what Josh did to -"
"Yes." Jo deadpanned.
"Oh. Okay, well did you hear about -"
"What Katie did next?"
A few of the friends surrounding her smiled at the unintentional pun.
"Okay. Maybe you've heard that one too." Yasmine allowed.
"Do you know where Cally is?"
"How should I know? She's your sister."
Jo remained silent at that news. She and Cally didn't exactly have the 
best sisterly relationship in the world. Yasmine gave up at her attempt 
to make Jo grin and stepped back to let one of her other friends give it a 
go as they walked down the busy corridor. Zoe came forwards.
"I heard Cally was bunking with Dolph."
Zoe had given up on the joking around. She was very bad at that, so she 
decided to just talk about what Jo was asking for. It was the third lesson 
of the day and her friend was still looking upset. Maybe what she 
needed was a little information. Zoe was renowned amongst her friends 
for hearing the truth. When Yasmine entered a crowd she tuned into 
the gossip, however Zoe managed to filter out the mean lies when she 
listened to a group of school kids and picked up on what actually 
happened. This required a lot more talent.
"I didn't hear anything about that!" muttered Yasmine quietly with a 
hint of jealousy in her voice.
"Bunking with Dolph!?" exclaimed Jo.
"Well he is her boyfriend. I know you don't like him and I sure as hell 
know I don't like him but can you really blame the guy for wanting to 
get a little quality time with Cally?" piped up Ettie.
Jo was mildly surprised by the way her friend stood up for him. Last year 
Dolph had bullied her. Despite Ettie's outspoken nature she had said 
nothing to her friends, but Zoe had picked up on it and when she 
pointed it out to Jo she told a teacher first thing. After that the bullying 
stopped pretty fast.
"No, you don't understand."
"Then help us to." added Ally.
Jo stopped walking abruptly and the others banged into her. She spun 
round. 
"Dolph's doing drugs." she whispered.
"What!?" her friends chorused.
Yasmine's eyes lit up at this news.
"Keep it down!  A policewoman visited my dad's house to tell us to call 
her if we got any news of him." Jo eyed Yasmine warily. "Yas you can't 
go spreading this around. Same goes for the rest of you. This is a secret 
now."
"But you hate Dolph just as much as we do, why not spread it round a 
little?" said Ettie.
Okay, maybe she wasn't standing up for him.
"Because I don't want to hear people whispering stupid stuff behind my 
back about Cally! As much as I hate it, what applies to Dolph applies to 
her as well in a stranger's eyes. The rumours could get nastier and 
spread to the rest of my family. Do you remember that incident with 
Eve?"
The group groaned in unison. Ally put her hand over her eyes.
"Don't remind me!"
Eve was a nasty example of how rumours could destroy a kid's life.
"Exactly."
"So is Cally not taking them?"
"Wha-" Jo began, she hadn't even considered it. 
They were told on a frequent basis at school that drugs, peer pressure 
and underage sex was bad. The occasional sessions they had about the 
issues always emphasized the consequences, Jo dreaded to think what 
would happen to her already broken family if Cally was already living it. 
But before they could discuss the matter any further a teacher ushered 
them to their class, irritated with the way the teens were dawdling in 
the corridor.
***
Cally was glad when they arrived back at her father's house but she was 
also slightly nervous. Sneaking her boyfriend into the house under her 
mother's nose was one thing, but with her father it was a completely 
different matter. She felt so much guiltier about doing it, but she did it 
nonetheless. She let herself in with the house key and scanned her 
surroundings to make sure the coast was clear. It was. Her father was 
probably upstairs in the study doing god knows what. Cally turned to 
Dolph.
"When I say go make a run for it as quietly as you can. Head upstairs to 
your left, I share a room with Jo but don't worry, we should be able to 
manage around that somehow."
"How exactly?" asked Dolph dubiously.
"We have a pretty big cupboard."
"What?"
But before he could protest Cally shoved him inside the house.
"Go." she whispered. Dolph started to run, but he wasn't as quiet as 
Cally had hoped. She ran upstairs so she was in front of him, ready to 
protect her boyfriend from her father if he emerged. Sure enough she 
could hear the door opening. John Sanders was leaving his small 
sanctuary. Dolph however still seemed oblivious to all of this. She 
opened the door to the airing cupboard and stuffed her boyfriend inside 
it. Dolph's eyes widened. For a minute he thought that she was turning 
against him and he struggled in panic. She gave him a worried look. 
"Dolph stop it! Dad's coming! Since when are you afraid of the dark?"
On hearing this Dolph backed into the cupboard quite happily. Anything 
was better than Cally using her powers on him. Now she was aware of 
them she seemed to know a little more about what she was doing. He 
watched nervously through the crack of the door as John Sanders came 
out from his study labelled with a large, rather tattered looking keep out 
sign.
"You're home early Cally." said her father looking rather startled.
"Well yeah."
"Is everything okay?"
Cally took a moment to think back over the day. Dolph seemed to take 
over her mind at this point. She'd told him she loved him, he'd said it 
back, sort of. Well, he'd definitely acknowledged it. Plus she'd told him 
about her newly discovered powers and he was supporting her all the 
way, so far. She dreaded to think what would've happened if she'd told 
her sister. Dolph was a far better choice.
"Everything is wonderful!"
"I didn't see you at the funeral today."
"Oh. Well, I was late. But I did get there."
"You just don't seem very upset."
"Do you want me to be?"
"No; of course not darling." John was puzzled but knew if he pursued 
the subject she'd only get angry. "Look, I have to tell you something."
"Shoot."
"A policewoman came to our house yesterday."
"What are you telling me this for?"
John sighed. He was going to have to be careful about how he said this. 
He knew how his daughter could be when she got angry. He was so 
close to putting a stop to it but this kind of news simply couldn't wait.
"Cally darling I'm only telling you because I'm concerned. I know you're 
not stupid, you know what you're doing."
"What is there to be concerned about dad?"
Cally was nervous now. Maybe he knew that Dolph was in the airing 
cupboard. Maybe the policewoman had told him some lies about her.
"Do you promise me you'll stay calm if I tell you?"
"Fine."
"Show me your fingers." Cally held up her hands to show her uncrossed 
fingers. Her father always did this when he made people promise things. 
He sighed. "She told us that Dolph was taking drugs."
Cally had prepared herself, but nothing could prepare her for that 
bombshell.
"SHE WHAT!?"
"You promised you'd stay calm!" exclaimed John with a hurt look on his 
face. 
"MY TOES WERE CROSSED!" Cally barked sarcastically. "WHAT DO YOU 
HAVE AGAINST DOLPH!? WHAT DOES EVERYONE HAVE AGAINST MY 
BOYFRIEND? WE ARE MEANT TO BE TOGETHER GET IT? I LOVE HIM AND 
NOW I KNOW HE LOVES ME!"
Cally felt her anger focussing on her father. Part of her had no regrets, 
the other half however pulled away from it.
"Cally listen to me, I'm not saying you shouldn't love him. I'm just saying 
maybe you should use that to help him quit. I've been asked to phone 
the police station if I even catch sight of him."
But she was no longer listening. Cally screamed as the two opposing 
forces inside of her competed like shoulder angels for and against her 
powers hurting her father. He sighed and closed his eyes. He knew what 
was coming. He'd just hoped that it wouldn't happen so soon. Cally's 
anger descended on her father and he fell to the floor as his eyes began 
to leak like Charles Metters' had. After a few minutes of watching him 
writhe Cally couldn't continue, she looked away from him and that 
seemed to break the connection. John lay still. He groaned slightly. Cally 
walked over to his side and towered over him.
"I'm sorry. I don't know how to stop it."
John wanted to yell to her that he did, but he didn't have the energy. 
The darkness consumed him.
	Cally turned to face the airing cupboard. Dolph came out warily.
"Wow." he remarked glancing at her father.
"I'm a monster."
"No you're not, you just don't know how to control it properly yet." He 
sensed this was not enough comfort to make her trust him. So he tried 
again. "You stopped didn't you?"
"Yeah."
"And you're not collapsing for a change."
At this point Cally brightened up considerably.
"Oh yeah."  Then her face turned green. "Oh no."
Dolph held out his arms as she fell into them. He dragged her into the 
bedroom to the left of the corridor. 
"Now you said something about a big cupboard in the room right?"
He got out a packet of cocaine from his pocket; it looked like Cally 
needed a boost.
       It was around this time that Jo got home. Dolph heard the door 
open downstairs and raced down to stop her from entering. Too late. Jo 
opened the door.
"Dolph!"
"Er- Jo!"
"What are you doing here? Get out! You're not welcome."
"I'm welcome wherever my girlfriend is." Dolph retorted.
"Where is Cally?"
"In her bedroom."
"Leave her alone. She may be deluded into thinking that you care about 
her but I know better!"
Jo reached for the landline phone but he slapped her hand away.
"What do you want the phone for?" he asked with an evil grin on his 
face.
"DAD!" Jo yelled. "DAD! DOLPH IS HERE!" No reply. "What have you 
done to him?"
"He's busy in his stupid room." Dolph lied. 
Jo glanced at him. He was barring her way and forcing her to back 
towards the open door. If she wasn't careful then she'd be locked out of 
the house. 
"What's that over there?!" Jo exclaimed squinting. 
Dolph looked over his shoulder and she used that opportunity to duck 
underneath his arm and race upstairs. 
"Come back here you bitch!" Dolph yelled after her.
Jo kept going up the stairs. She took one look at her father, who was 
lying on the floor unconscious and ran into her bedroom to find her 
mobile phone. What had Dolph done to him? There she saw her sister 
lying on the bed and the packet beside her. She fingered the plastic of 
the package.
"Cally you'd never do this, what has he done to you?"
 Then her eyes widened in realisation. He hadn't had to change Cally's 
mind about anything. He'd been force feeding her the drugs just waiting 
until she was vulnerable and wouldn't remember it in the morning. Jo 
saw her mobile phone on the desk beside the bed and grabbed it. But 
then she felt him grab her. She dropped the phone into her pocket and 
struggled against his grip as he tugged her back through the bedroom 
door, past her unconscious father and into the airing cupboard. She 
screamed as he threw her into the back of the cupboard. As her head hit 
the wall she saw stars. Dolph smirked. He had been wanting to do that 
for a while now. The door closed on her and Jo was dazed and trapped 
in the darkness. He took her confusion as an opportunity to find 
something to block the door. There was a shoving sound from outside 
the cupboard. Finally Jo came to her senses. She pushed against the 
door violently but heard a groan. It was at this point that Jo realised the 
thing keeping it shut was her father's unconscious body. She stopped 
abruptly, not wanting to hurt him. Jo peered through the keyhole and 
found Dolph leering back at her.
"If I hear a peep out of you tonight or tomorrow you're dead meat. You 
hear me?" Forgetting that he couldn't see her Jo nodded. He rapped 
loudly on the door and she jumped in fear. "YOU HEAR ME?"
"I hear you." Jo replied meekly. She hated this but she had her own way 
of irritating him. "I hear you Dolphin."
"Don't call me that!" he bellowed. There was a thud but it was more 
muffled and came from lower down the door this time. Jo had a 
sickening suspicion as to what Dolph had just done. "Don't call me that 
or I'll kick your old man again."
"Okay." Jo said quickly.
But being Dolph, he kicked John Sanders again for good measure.
***
Rory could be a right couch potato when he wanted to. It was a hobby 
of his to see how long he could stay on the sofa for. His record was two 
hours, but then it was lunchtime so he'd had to have a break. However 
today he simply wasn't in the mood. He couldn't get his mind off of the 
case. Rory fidgeted in front of the TV unable to focus on the cheesy 
show he was forcing himself to watch (as he'd managed to lose the 
remote. Again). He hated to think that he was missing out on more of 
the action. The fact that Dolph had clubbed him just made the situation 
more interesting - he winced at the memory - as well as painful. He 
remembered that moment only too well; although he had a feeling he 
dramatized it somewhat. Plus Mark was right; he wanted to spend more 
time with Linda despite the bizarre conversation they'd had yesterday 
about why she put him on the case with her.






















 7
 She'd said he reminded her of her late husband, well he needed time to 
show her that he was his own man. Spending the day at home was 
wasting a lot of that valuable time. Rory had got so bored just sitting 
around that he went upstairs to the loft where he rediscovered an old 
Lego set he used to play with when he was just a kid. Since he wasn't 
planning on going out he'd spent the rest of the day in front of the TV 
playing with the stuff. Rory glanced down at his creation, only noticing 
what he'd built now. It was a miniature version of the police station. 
Pleased and slightly embarrassed by his childish work he took a picture 
of the model using the camera on his phone. For a minute he 
considered sending it to Mark but then decided against it. A picture like 
this one could only be used for blackmail. After he tired of this activity 
Rory decided to do something one of his old English teachers had 
suggested. He'd always thought that the old crone of a woman wouldn't 
catch him dead doing this, but now he had nothing better to do. He 
read a dictionary. In it he discovered a new word, well a word he didn't 
know at least, that meant small, or possibly brave. Dictionary language 
was a bit too posh for Rory to understand at times. The word was: 
bantam. He should use that on Mark just to see his confused expression. 
After that Rory had managed to find an old toy kitten his sister used to 
own as a child, it too was hidden away in the loft. Just looking at the 
play thing made him smile. He had dropped the kitten named 'Ginger' in 
the toilet a few weeks after his sister had got it. To this very day its fur 
was extremely ruffled up from that incident. Rather amusingly the result 
had been that the hair partly covered the cat's eyes giving it a 
permanently angry expression. That, along with the pungent stench put 
his sister off Ginger for a good few years. He stroked the toy fondly 
before placing it on the windowsill to keep watch. Playing with a toy 
kitten, Lego and a dictionary? 
"I really am bored." he murmured to himself.
Fortunately he could tell from the dark sky, whose shadow loomed 
through the window onto Ginger (it made the cat look even more 
menacing, like a warrior of the night in Rory's eyes), that it was getting 
late. Rory yawned and was about to start getting ready for bed when he 
remembered something. He'd left his watch at work.
	To anyone else this may not have been a problem, but for him it 
was a major one. That watch was the sole reason he got up in the 
mornings. It was his alarm clock. So Rory set off for the police station. As 
he walked through the chilly air admiring the royal navy of the 
darkening sky part of him wondered if Linda would still be in her office 
at this time. Half of him hoped she was so he could make a start on not 
being Michael, whilst the rest of him hoped she wasn't so she could give 
herself a well-deserved rest. That woman was far too responsible for 
her own good. 
	Rory arrived. The place was silent. It seemed that as soon as 
people could escape they did. In a way it reminded him a little of high 
school. He wandered over to his desk. Sure enough, the digital watch lay 
there. He picked it up, attached it to his wrist and was about to leave 
when he heard a strange noise. It was coming from Linda's office. 
Slightly unnerved he picked up the taser lying on his desk amongst 
paperwork. His hand clutched it securely by his side as he approached 
the door. He opened it suddenly and held the taser up. But nobody had 
broken in. Rory now knew that there was no danger, only his paranoia 
acting up. He quickly brought down the taser. He could feel his cheeks 
burning scarlet. Linda looked up. The skin around her eyes was a blotchy 
red. She was crying. He'd never heard the fierce officer sob before. He 
felt like he was intruding on something immensely personal. So Rory left 
the office briefly and dragged up a chair so he was sitting beside her in 
the doorway. She was not going to escape this counselling session.
"What's wrong?"
"It, it just hits me sometimes." Rory was confused but gave her the time 
to explain. "T-the funeral today, I went there to interview Diane's 
parents and it j-just brought back a lot of bad memories."
"Like what?"	
"Like Michael's funeral."
"Oh." Rory had somehow managed to forget that she was still getting 
over Michael's death. She always acted so strong and independent; he'd 
never seen her like this before. "Tell me about Michael."
"He was a bit of a geek, he worked as a teacher and he was the 
sweetest guy. I-I've ever-" Linda trailed off, unable to continue due to 
sobbing. 
"Hey, hey look at me." Her head glanced up so her eyes met his. Rory 
moved his chair so he was sitting right next to her, there was barely 
enough space for it in the small office, but it was only from this position 
that he could hug her properly. He did it without thinking; it was a reflex 
which was just as well otherwise he would have never worked up the 
nerve to hug her in the first place. Her body convulsed in his arms as she 
cried and her breath felt warm against his shoulder. Rory was almost 
reluctant to let go but managed to pass it off as an amusing remark. "I 
suppose I'd better stop now before you get snot all over my shirt."
She laughed and wiped away her tears absent-mindedly.
"I take back what I said yesterday, you're nothing like Michael."
Rory smiled. Exactly. But he was curious to understand how he'd 
succeeded in making her say those four words.
"In what way?"
"When I think of him I- I get depressed beyond belief, when I think of 
you I'm happy."
Rory wasn't quite sure what to say to that. He wanted to tell her that he 
knew the feeling but seeing as he hadn't even known Michael it would 
be insensitive. Plus he would be talking about understanding how it felt 
to be happy when she saw him, which would make him seem a bit 
arrogant. What he meant was - 
"I feel the same whenever I see you." Linda smiled, her cheeks 
reddening slightly. It had been a long time since anyone had said 
something that sweet to her. Rory suddenly felt incredibly awkward. 
"Anyways, I only came here to get my watch; shouldn't you be getting 
home at this time?"
"Probably." she sniffed.
Up went the armour. Nice the moment had been, but now it was gone.
***
Jo was exhausted. She couldn't stand this. First there'd been the 
emotional turmoil of the funeral, but now her current situation was on a 
whole new level. She was stuck. In an airing cupboard. With her injured 
father blocking the door and her unconscious sister trapped with a 
dangerous sixth former. She was in a mood for hyperventilating but 
knew it wouldn't help anyone, least of all her. She fumbled about in the 
dark as she reached for her mobile phone. Thank god it was on vibrate. 
Jo felt so tired; she rested her head against the wall wearily and closed 
her eyes. She wouldn't go to sleep - she was just resting her eyes. 
However when she opened them light was creeping in through the door 
cracks. She was awoken by Cally's alarm clock. Uh oh.
	She could hear Dolph's grunts but there was little noise from 
Cally. This did nothing to ease Jo's tense mood. She had to call the 
police now, before he woke up fully. She started to dial the emergency 
services number. 
***
Rory didn't particularly want to come into work today. It was too early 
to get up in his opinion, his headache made him just want to take 
everything slowly. Weirdly enough it hurt worse than it had yesterday. 
However he forced himself to take an aspirin and set off. It was this 
attitude that made him slightly late. By the time he arrived at work 
Linda was waiting for him with an angry expression on her face. She was 
holding her phone next to her ear. Then she put her hand over it.
"Where have you been!?" she exclaimed gritting her teeth.
Startled by her tone Rory held up his hands in defence.
"What's the rush?"
Linda removed her hand from the phone.
"Hold please." Jo was thankful to not speak, Dolph was up now and she 
was afraid that if she made any noise he'd carry out his threat to kick 
her father further. Meanwhile however, back in the police department 
Linda stalked over to Rory and started to yell. "I JUST GOT PATCHED 
THROUGH TO JO SANDERS VIA THE EMERGENCY SERVICES! SHE'S 
TRAPPED IN AN AIRING CUPBOARD BY A BALLISTIC BOYFRIEND, HER 
FATHER'S BODY IS KEEPING THE DOOR CLOSED AND SHE'S HEARD NO 
SIGN OF HER SISTER SINCE SHE SAW HER THE EVENING BEFORE! AND 
YOU SAY WHAT'S THE RUSH!?"
"Okay, okay I'm sorry." he apologised hastily.
"YOU'RE ON THIS CASE FOR A REASON YOU KNOW! AT LEAST SHOW A 
LITTLE COMMITMENT."
Rory frowned. That made no sense. He knew that the only reason he 
was on this case was because Linda said he reminded her of her 
husband - but wait. Since the conversation they had last night he didn't 
remind her of Michael anymore.
"Why am I on this case Linda?"
She ignored him and started talking into the phone again.
"Don't worry; we'll be there as soon as we can."
"Please hurry." Jo whispered.
Linda hung up and stormed out of the police department. Rory noticed 
that every man and woman in the police station was staring at him. 
Mark was smirking. Rory rolled his eyes.
"Nothing to see here." he announced.
The people tittered quietly and reluctantly swivelled their eyes away 
from the scene. Rory started to chase after his partner, wondering why 
she was so angry all of a sudden. Okay he'd been a little bit late, but her 
reaction was a lot louder than he'd expected it would be. Plus she 
hadn't answered his question. 
	By the time he caught up to her she was already in the police 
car, lights flashing, whilst giving him a powerful glare. Rory could see 
she wasn't the only one. There were several other police cars filled to 
the brim with uniformed officers, many of whom he recognised. It 
looked like they were going to surround the house. He got into the car 
and decided that maybe it was wisest to say nothing.
"We're getting back-up this time round." Linda growled. 
Rory nodded. She stepped on the pedal and the car screeched forwards. 
A smile tugged at the corner of her lips, one of the advantages to being 
a policewoman was that she was allowed to speed when she was in the 
right car. Rory gripped the sides of his seat tightly. When Linda drove 
like this it was scary. After several minutes of swerving wildly through 
London traffic and narrowly missing a removal van he'd had enough.
"Did I do something? Why are you being so reckless!?" he screeched, in 
perfect tune with the loud noise the tyres were making. Linda turned on 
the radio, still refusing to listen to him. His groan was barely heard over 
the loud opera of radio three. The volume was ridiculously high and was 
making his headache worse. "Oh real mature, go into strop mode will 
you? You're as bad as Mark! Won't you just tell me what's wrong?" Rory 
yelled. Once again she pretended not to hear him. "IF YOU DON'T TURN 
THIS MUSIC DOWN DOLPH WILL HEAR US MILES AWAY!" 
No response. This time round it had got to a very loud point in the opera 
and he didn't think that Linda could even genuinely hear him. He 
moaned quietly as his head pounded and closed his eyes. When he did 
this the radio turned off. So she'd decided to take pity on him at last 
then. If his head hadn't been so sore Rory would've started to yell again.
"We're here."
He opened his eyes and stepped out of the car. As he did so he was 
puzzled by Linda's expression. She looked kind of sheepish. She stared 
at her feet and mumbled something indistinguishable.
"What?"
"I-I'm sorry."
"Huh?"
But now she'd turned and was confronting the other members of police 
giving them instructions on how to surround the house and everything. 
She turned back to meet his confused gaze.
"Come on, we're going in."
***
Jo could hear her sister getting up. That meant she had to be okay, 
right? Dolph walked out onto the landing and kicked her father.
"Remember what I said!" he hissed menacingly through the keyhole. Jo 
said nothing. He backed away from the door and joined Cally as she left 
the room. "Remember what I said Cal, just don't look."
"I'm not." Cally said, her voice wavering slightly. Jo peered through the 
keyhole and was able to just about see him accompanying her sister to 
the staircase. She was still wearing the clothes she'd worn yesterday 
and, from what Jo could tell, looked absolutely knackered. "Where's Jo? 
Did she come home last night?"
"Don't worry I dealt with her."
"Good, I don't want her accusing you of more ridiculous things. Dad 
included. It was her fault. Everything was her fault."
Jo narrowed her eyes. Cally was in denial. Then the doorbell rang. Jo 
saw Dolph and Cally exchange panicked glances. 
"We're not home okay?" Dolph said to Cally.
She nodded. Jo decided now was the right time to make some noise.
"HELP! I'M UP HERE!"
There was the sound of loud banging and a sudden crunch as Linda 
broke down the front door. Rory grinned. Now he could say his 
favourite line. This was the reason why he'd become a policeman. 
"Freeze! Put your hands up!" he called.
He wasn't particularly expecting them to listen. Linda raced up the stairs 
but Dolph beat her to the airing cupboard. He kicked Jo's father out of 
the way, opened the door and dragged Jo out of it. She was putting up a 
pretty violent struggle but he had the advantage of being so much taller 
than her. He was also a little stronger. Jo let out a piercing scream.
"Get off me you Dolphi-"
He bent her arms back and she yelled harder. Dolph lowered his head 
down to her height. 
"You finish that sentence and I'll break your arms. I'll twist them so far 
back that even in Australia they'll hear the click as your shoulder snaps!" 
he whispered then he raised his voice to yell at the police. "Stay away 
from us! Or I'll-I'll strangle her if I have to!" he finished lamely.
Linda raised an eyebrow, she'd heard far worse threats than that but 
this one was still dangerous for Jo. Realising this wasn't the most 
productive threat Dolph put his arms under Jo's chin and tightened his 
grip just to show the police what he was capable of. Jo started to gasp. 
Her mouth opened and closed in a panic reminiscent of a goldfish's 
expression. Cally watched, but did nothing. Linda could only watch 
helplessly. Rory, however, had had enough. First the boy clubbed him, 
now he was strangling an innocent girl. He lifted his gun and aimed. 
Rory pulled down on the trigger and the bullet came whizzing out of the 
gun hole, hitting Dolph's shoulder. He yelped in pain and his arms fell to 
his side. One was bleeding and fell limply, whilst his uninjured arm 
cradled the other. Jo staggered away, recovered her breath and took 
the opportunity to kick Dolph in the crotch before joining the police 
triumphantly. Cally's eyes narrowed and she stood in front of her 
boyfriend.
"HOW DARE YOU! HE'S A BETTER HUMAN BEING THAN YOU'LL EVER 
BE!" she snarled at the group.
Dolph was the only person she felt could accept her for who she was. A 
monster. It was his "love" for her that helped her start to believe what 
she was capable of causing. She stared at the policemen and one by one 
they started to clutch their ears.
"Rory can you hear that?" said Linda, yelling over the noise of high 
pitched giggles only they could hear. 
Neither of them noticed the large light above dripping an oily black 
liquid onto their foreheads. The wiring that rooted the light into the 
ceiling was shaking along with the rest of the bulb. Fortunately Jo who 
had been released from Dolph's clutches barely seconds ago saw this 
development. She leapt at them and pushed the pair to one side. 
Together the trio narrowly avoided the blackened light bulb that 
crashed to the ground where they'd all been standing previously. Cally 
was still angry but Dolph used his free arm to tug her away from it all.
"Don't waste your strength." he said, knowing that he'd still need hers. 
Jo glanced at Rory and Linda. They both looked rather disorientated 
from what they'd heard. She stared after Dolph and Cally as they made 
a run past her for the back door. Without adults on her side she knew 
she didn't stand a chance. Jo had no choice but to watch them escape, 
she was utterly helpless. She looked down. Her father lay squashed 
against the banisters from when Dolph had shoved him out of the way 
in order to get to her. She ran over to him and knelt by his side. 
"Dad?" He remained immobile. "Dad please tell me you're okay!" He 
mumbled something incoherently. "What?"
"Do I look okay?" he repeated, his eyes half open, half closed. Jo felt a 
wave of relief wash over her. At least he was now able to talk. "I'm - so 
sorry. This is all my fault."
"What? Dad how is this your fault?"
"The contamination -" but he trailed off. 
"Dad? Dad! Stay with me!"
Jo felt all the soap opera lines flooding through her as if they were 
natural speech. 
"Don't panic darling - I'm fine -" he reassured ineffectively.
"Dad you're a rubbish liar." 
Jo could feel the tears pricking her eyes like tiny needles.
"- go into my study."
"What?"
"You - heard."
"But-"
"I've made an antidote - for Cally's condition - Haemofrost - she has to 
drink it -"
"Don't talk dad, you're not making any sense. You're not well."
" - well - duh -" he muttered before his eyes closed for the last time.
"Dad!" Jo screamed. The tears gushed from her eyes. This seemed to 
snap the police out of their strange trance. "I need an ambulance. I 
need one NOW!" 
Even to Rory's untrained eye he could tell that John Sanders was dead. 
He cautiously approached Jo and put his hand on her shoulder.
"He'd dead." He said gently.
"ARE YOU A DOCTOR?"
"No, but -"
"SO SHUT UP. GET AN AMBULANCE HERE NOW!"
Rory didn't know what good it would do but went out to see if any of 
the policemen surrounding the house had caught Dolph and Cally as 
they left. Linda dialled for an ambulance.
***
When Rory stepped outside at first everything appeared normal. Mark 
was there with prepared sarcastic comments about the argument Rory 
and Linda had had earlier.
"Looks like you two are going to break up before you even get 
together!"
"Mark shut up." Rory sighed. 
He wasn't in the mood for his messing around.
"Hey what's wrong?"
"A man's just died. Please tell me someone caught the culprits."
Mark's teasing grin faded and was replaced with a serious look.
"I heard nothing from the other guys."
"Let's check on them then."
Together the pair walked round to the back of the house. The men 
looked drunk from the way they were stumbling about. Rory stared at 
Mark questioningly.
"What happened?" asked Mark, equally surprised.
One of the nearer officers made her way over to the pair. Rory knew the 
lady; she was a good policewoman. Mark had accused him of fancying 
her too (although this time it was partly out of jealousy) so he had been 
steering clear of her lately. If anything he thought Mark fancied her.
"They came out of the house and we were all ready, but as we started 
to go in there was this high pitched giggling, I couldn't get it out of my 
head, it took over everything I just - by the time it was gone so were 
they." Mark stared at the officer incredulously but Rory understood 
exactly what she meant. The policewoman stared at her feet. "I'm going 
to lose my job aren't I." 
It was a statement, not a question. Mark looked ready to nod.
"No. Look around you El; you're not the only person this affected."
She followed Rory's instructions and this cheered her up slightly. 
"What do you want us to do?"
"Shouldn't you be asking Linda?"
El and Mark exchanged knowing looks when they heard Rory say the 
name 'Linda'. Rory rolled his eyes. So he didn't use her surname the 
whole time, what was the big deal?
"She's not here and you are." pointed out Mark.
A little startled by his sudden position of authority Rory was unsure of 
what to say at first but then it became clear.
"Erm...get everyone to patrol the area. We're looking for Dolph 
Andrews and Cally Sanders. You already know who Dolph is and you 
should recognise Cally from the news. Understand me?" El nodded. 
"Good. Spread the word."
El started to walk back into the crowd.
***
Aileen received the call in the middle of an important meeting. It was 
rather embarrassing. Everyone stared at her as her ringtone loudly went 
off in the hall. The head of the table looked at her with an expression 
that could shatter the strongest of nerves and spoke. Her boss was not 
known for his sympathetic behaviour. 
"You'd better answer it then."
Aileen picked up her phone. The longer the conversation, the more 
humiliated she would be by the end of the meeting.
"Hello, this is a really bad time." she hissed.
"There's no good time for bad news."
"Stop talking in riddles and get to the point before I hang up on you! 
Who is this anyways?"
"This is Linda Porter speaking, head of the police department." That 
made sense, Aileen recognised the voice. "There's no easy way to say 
this so I'll just come out with it. Your husband is dead."
"Oh my god." Aileen felt numb. She no longer got on with John but she 
had once loved him and she'd certainly never wished this upon him. The 
worst part was the irony. Today, after work and everything she and John 
were finally going to get their papers signed together and they'd be 
officially divorced. It looked like her ex hadn't even made it that far. 
Aileen could feel the tears start to trickle down her cheeks but the shock 
limited their impact. Linda was simply glad that the woman wasn't 
yelling yet. "What happened?"
"We're not entirely sure yet but we think it was something to do with 
Cally and her abusive boyfriend."
"YOU FIND OUT THIS INSTANT!" Aileen yelled, forgetting she was still in 
the meeting.
"We will try our best but it will take time. Jo is with me now."
"What's Jo doing there?" she questioned in horror.
"Crying mostly, she needs picking up."
Aileen wondered what made Linda think that she was any different. 
"I'm in the middle of a meeting!" she exclaimed.
"We can keep Jo at the station until you get home. What time will you 
get back?"
"It depends." Aileen sighed glancing at her angry boss. She had a feeling 
he was going to make her pay for this interruption. "I'll phone Jo as soon 
as I've finished."
"How about you come to the police station to pick her up once you're 
done?"
"Okay. Goodbye."
Aileen hung up. The hall was silent. She put her head in her hands as 
everything came crashing down around her. She started to sob. 
Everything was going wrong. First it had been the parties, then there'd 
been the drugs, then there'd been Dolph and now this? It was a 
combination of her worst fears combined. One of her more friendly co-
workers who sat beside her nervously patted Aileen on the back.
"There there." she said soothingly but her alarmed eyes told a different 
story.
Aileen's boss remained unforgiving. His glare was unfathomable.
"Aileen." She said nothing. "AILEEN." 
She looked up.
"Yes?"
"Do you have an excuse for being an insufferable interruption?"
Many of Aileen's co-workers took a sharp intake of breath at his harsh 
question. They all knew that she didn't get on with him. They also knew 
that when Aileen disagreed with someone she tended to explode. 
Easily. They watched her with bated breath but to their surprise she did 
no such thing.
"My husband is dead." Aileen deadpanned; her expression as blank as 
her tone.
It was too much effort and pain to feel the conflicting emotions writhing 
about her insides so she'd decided to simply ignore them. Maybe if she 
blocked them out they would stop existing.
"Oh."
The man's expression would have been almost funny if it weren't for the 
circumstances. Whatever he had been expecting he had not been 
expecting that.
***
Jo sat in the police department staring into space. The ambulance had 
eventually come as promised but she could tell from the looks on the 
paramedics faces that her father stood no chance. Her worst fears were 
realised. He was gone. Jo couldn't even cry anymore. She just sat there 
watching people flit past her, part of a life she felt she could never have 
again, Jo felt like she was stuck in slow motion. She was trapped in a 
place far crueller than the airing cupboard.
	Rory peered through the blinds of Linda's office at Jo. She 
looked so dejected. It was understandable really; this was the second 
death she was suffering from in only a few days. Occasionally police 
walked past, giving her sympathetic looks but it made little difference to 
the outcome. Linda cleared her throat and he reluctantly turned to face 
her. They'd been doing this for a good twenty minutes at the very least 
and he still felt like they were going round in circles. 
"Where would they go?"
"Linda we've looked at all the options! We've got police patrolling 
Aileen's house, John's house, Gayle's house, Lolita's flat and streets in 
general around the area! A lot of people are on duty. All we can do is 
wait."
"Well I'm not going to sit around whilst our possible culprits escape! Yes 
we may have been scouring the records for a while now but for all we 
know there might even be a third person to the murders. You heard 
that laughter just as well as I did."
"I don't think there was anyone laughing, I think we just heard it." he 
pondered.
"Rory if I was crazy I wouldn't be head of the police department."
"Hitler became the German prime minister." he argued.
Linda groaned.
"Let's go over this again shall we?"
"Fine."
"They could go to school, which is highly unlikely because it's way too 
obvious and stupid a plan -"
"No wait, that's the only place Dolph can go."
"Don't be stupid Rory."
"Listen to me, everywhere else whether it's houses of family or not, will 
be expecting them and will be surrounded. School is the one place 
we're not patrolling because we didn't think he'd be stupid enough to 
turn up after the day's antics."
"Your point is?"
"I'm not done yet! They'll go to the school because it's the only place 
we won't be expecting them."
She sighed.
"Don't make me yell at you again."
"I'm serious, they could be there. Why were you yelling at me earlier 
anyways?"
"For reasons I thought were obvious."
"Okay so I was a little late, big deal. You've never flown off the hook at 
me like that before." 
"Let's get back to the point. There's no way they'd go to school! They're 
kids. They'll make the most out of bunking when they can!"
"At the very least we should notify the school."
"Fine!"
Rory watched as Linda picked up her phone and dialled the school's 
number.
"How do you know what number to call anyways?" he asked.
She gave him a withering look.
"My husband was a teacher!" she snapped.
There was no doubt about it, Linda was angry about something extra, 
she just wouldn't tell him what. Feeling slightly hurt he decided to leave.
"I'll just leave you two alone then!" He walked out of the office and 
closed the door behind him. He couldn't help her if she refused to tell 
him what was wrong. It was quite frustrating really. To make matters 
worse Mark lay in wait for him. The irritating friend opened his mouth, 
ready to make a sarcastic comment but Rory cut him off. "If you're not 
going to say anything worthwhile then don't speak."
Mark's grin disappeared.
"If you're upset with Porter don't take it out on me." he huffed.
Rory sighed heavily. He knew that his friend was right for a change.
"Sorry. Look did anything happened this morning or yesterday that 
really annoyed Linda?"
Mark shrugged.
"Not that I'm aware of. Maybe she's on her period."
Maybe Mark was right, but Rory didn't think so. He was about to ask his 
friend another question about their boss but then Linda came out of the 
office.
"Rory!" she called. 
He could feel everyone's eyes boring into him.
"What have you done now?" whispered Mark.
"Shut up." he hissed back.
Rory walked forwards half expecting a slap from his superior. 
"You were right. I notified the school and they said that Dolph and Cally 
had arrived a few minutes ago, their excuse being that Cally collapsed 
on the way there and Dolph had managed to hurt his arm somehow. 
But its break time now so it'll be virtually impossible to find the kids 
amongst the crowd of them in the canteen." Rory could feel the 
smugness radiating out from his chest and smile. "You were right once, 
don't get too cocky." said Linda as she strode towards the exit but then 
something made her stop and stare.
"What is it?"
"Where's Jo gone?"
***
Jo had snuck out of the police station at least ten minutes ago now, 
wanting to go back to her father's house. She still had the key on her. 
The department wasn't too far away from the place and she'd been 
watching the route taken carefully through the windows of the police 
car on their way to the station. Despite the empty void inside her one 
thing had kept on circling her mind. Her father's last words had been "- 
well - duh -", not the most poetic, but he'd been trying to tell her 
something before that. His words echoed in her head. "I've made an 
antidote - for Cally's condition - Haemofrost - she has to drink it -". As 
these thoughts cascaded through Jo's mind she found herself in front of 
her house but a policeman stepped in her way.
"What are you doing here? I thought Porter took you back to the 
station?"
"It's my house; I'm allowed to visit aren't I?"
The man didn't look convinced.
"Sorry but this is a crime scene now."
"I forgot something okay? I have Porter's permission to go in. Or would 
you like me to tell your superior you didn't listen?"
The man nervously stepped aside at this point. Jo smirked, the right 
words worked like magic. She made her way through the front door 
ready to use the same excuse if she was stopped by anyone else. 
However her impact on that man must've spread as the other officers 
seemed to be obviously avoiding her. She got inside with no trouble at 
all. Jo took a deep breath. She was afraid of going back near that airing 
cupboard. The memories would be too much. She ran for it. Jo sprinted 
up the stairs and into the study. She slammed the door behind her and 
leant on it whilst she regained her breath. As she panted she scanned 
the room for the mysterious Haemofrost her dad had mentioned. She 
didn't know why he'd been working on a cure in the first place but from 
the diagram she'd seen earlier she knew that he had found out a lot 
about Cally's condition. Not for the first time she wondered what her 
father's job had been, but it was pointless worrying about it now. It 
wasn't like he was around anymore to hide it from her. Jo swallowed 
her grief temporarily and started to search the room. She longed for her 
father to come out from the shadows, to hug her and ask her whether 
she'd really been that easily fooled by his death. She wanted him to tell 
her that his job had been working on an immortality potion of some 
kind, but Jo's desperation was merely creating fantasies. She knew that 
what she wished for would never happen. But she could at least put a 
stop to Cally's powers. That was a reality she was willing to manipulate. 
	Jo wiped the papers from the desk, examined every single test 
tube and started to ransack the cupboards until finally she found a 
purple container. It was labelled Haemofrost and two nozzles came out 
from it, the ends covered in Clingfilm. Whatever her father had been up 
to, he'd been determined enough to design his own little contraption. Jo 
grabbed it and set off for school. She had a bad feeling that she knew 
exactly what Dolph wanted to do. His plan was unfolding and she 
seemed to be the only person who could see it clearly. If only Cally 
could. If her sister realised what her boyfriend was really up to he'd be 
dead meat.
***
Dolph grinned despite the pain in his arm as he and Cally made their 
way into the canteen. It was filled to the brim with pupils. On the way 
out of John's house he'd grabbed a set of school uniform for Cally to 
wear to help them blend in with the crowd. He didn't need to worry 
about uniform, he was a sixth former. So far it was working out 
perfectly. It was a shame that he hadn't had time to grab a cloth to 
bandage up his arm with. But never mind, phase one was complete: 
they'd just bought a couple of cakes from the canteen. In fact, Dolph 
had bought Cally's for her. As he left the till he handed it to her.
"Thanks Dolph, you're so sweet." Cally cooed.
But he hadn't done that just to be nice. He'd done it so he could slip a 
little something into her food. It was a very powerful something this 
time round, now all he needed was to get her annoyed at the right time 
and place and all his enemies would be obliterated. Timing was 
everything. 
	They walked slowly round the canteen in circles searching for a 
free table but as per usual there was little space. Dolph winced as 
schoolchildren pushed past him in the crowd. It made the pain in his 
arm worse, but all the same he led the way, waiting until he saw Mrs 
Richardson on duty. Once this was done he could get all the treatment 
he needed with Cally's inevitable threats to the hospital staff if they 
didn't fix him up good. Sure enough there the teacher was by the door 
leading out of the place. He grinned and picked a stupid place to stand 
as he noticed Jo's friends walk past. They glared at him but split around 
his attempt to block them. Several of them knocked into him on 
purpose, it hurt but he no longer cared. There was something much 
more important at stake now. Dolph had just effectively herded them 
towards Mrs Richardson. Then he gaped. He couldn't believe his luck as 
Callum Fields walked over to the exit holding a bowl of half eaten pasta. 
This kid had bettered him in badness, reputation and girlfriends for the 
majority of Dolph's time in secondary school. This sixth former was 
going to pay for his position. Dolph glanced behind him to check that 
Cally was still by his side but spotted the two members of police from 
earlier. They were by the tills questioning staff and watching the 
students closely. Maybe his luck was starting to run out. He had to get 
this done quickly. Dolph turned his focus back to the crowd of people by 
the exit.
"Cally?" he called just to double check she was still standing next to him.
No reply. Dolph turned around again. The police were coming this way. 
He started to speed walk in the opposite direction. 
	Jo was finally managing to talk to her sister. This was the closest 
she'd ever get to chatting to Cally alone. She eyed the hoard of pupils 
present in the canteen. This was not one of her most impressive feats, 
but it would have to do. She knew she had to be careful about what she 
said. Accusing Dolph of things, no matter how solid the evidence was, 
would get her nowhere. Jo knew from experience.
"What are you doing here!? You kicked Dolph!" exclaimed Cally.
 Jo bit back the retort of: you killed dad, and forced herself to reply with 
the answer she'd prepared on the way over.
"I'm sorry. I messed up. You are right. You and Dolph have always been 
right. I'm just the little sister who gets in the way, I can see it now. I just 
wanted to apologise to your face."
For a few moments Cally said nothing. Then she smiled. It was all 
working out.
"Thank you for finally coming round. Now will you admit that you killed 
Diane?"
Jo gulped, this was the biggest lie of all time but she knew it was vital to 
win back her sister's trust.
"Y-yes."
"Then I'll have to turn you in. The police are here you know."
Cally turned to walk over to them but Jo put a hand on her shoulder.
"Wait! Can't I at least give you this small peace offering?"
She held out the Haemofrost container. She'd ripped off the label 
however so it simply appeared to be a strangely shaped purple box with 
nozzles coming out from it.
"What is it?" asked Cally eyeing the small contraption incredulously.
"I got it from Liza." Cally's eyes widened. Liza was a sister of a friend; 
she provided a lot of the alcoholic supplies for the parties she held 
before her parents had found out about them. "Do I really need to say 
anymore?"
Jo was screaming inside for her sister to take the bait, Cally considered 
it slowly. 
"No, you don't. Just give it here." Cally snatched it from her sister's hand 
and moved the nozzles carefully so they were both pointing into her 
mouth before gulping the liquid down. She pulled a face. "Well thanks 
for the tainted batch!" she snapped at Jo and continued to move 
towards the police but this time Dolph intervened, pulling her away 
from the crowd of people gathering by the exit. The police were 
interviewing Mrs Richardson.
"Aren't you going to eat your cake?" asked Dolph.
"I'm not really that hungry."
It was true, that drink Jo had given her made her feel rather full and 
rather cold. Her teeth were chattering.
"Come on, I bought that thing especially for you."
"Okay then."
Jo watched the pair from a distance, crossing her fingers. This had to 
work. It had to be quick too, from the looks of things she didn't have 
much time before Dolph tried the next stage of his plan.
	Cally bit into the cake and Dolph smiled as he clutched his 
wounded arm. It was working. 
"Dolph how is your arm?" asked Cally, noticing the way he was holding 
it.
"Painful."
"You should go to hospital."
"No, no not yet I'll survive."
"Are you sure?"
"Yeah."
"You should at least put something on it."
"I'll be fine." he said, before giving her a strange look. "Why are you 
shaking?"
"Because it's freezing in here!" Cally complained.
"No it isn't."
"Well at least someone is warm!"



 8
Dolph stood in front of Cally, blocking her view, now was the perfect 
time.
"Watch out!" he said to her.
Then he threw his cake at Callum. Cally of course could see none of this. 
She only saw Dolph duck as Callum retaliated with the throwing of his 
pasta. The food hit her square in the face. She screamed in a mixture of 
disgust and anger as the sauce dripped down her chin. Callum looked 
genuinely scared. Dolph grinned as he stood and moved to one side. All 
attention was on Cally. Her eyes narrowed and she tried to focus her 
anger, but the white dot that normally appeared on her victims all the  
times before refused to show itself. Jo smiled. Mission accomplished. 
Suddenly Cally felt a lot warmer and healthier. The sheen of sweat from 
her last collapse seemed to fade away. Unable to fathom why her 
powers had suddenly disappeared Cally threw her half eaten cake at 
Callum. It missed and hit Ettie. From there on all hell was unleashed. 
Mrs Richardson started to yell at the children but simply got smothered 
by a pile of sandwiches thrown in her direction. Jo armed herself by 
grabbing a bottle of orange juice from a nearby kid's hand. The police 
decided now was their chance to move forward but found themselves 
caught in the midst of a huge food fight. 
       Dolph realised that Cally's powers no longer seemed to work. 
His face turned red at first, then purple as he started to run from the 
incoming police. All that work, for nothing! Cally turned when she 
realised he was leaving.
"Dolph!" she called. He span round on the spot. "Where are you going?"
"Anywhere that isn't here! Oh and thanks for announcing my name to 
the authorities!" he yelled over the chaos of the food and screaming 
children.
"I'll come with you."
"NO. Don't you get it?"
"Get what?"
"You're clingy, shout-y, high and annoying!"
"What? High?"
"Yes high you bozo! I put cocaine in your cake after all!"
But he could tell from her expression that she still didn't understand.
"Dolph what are you trying to say?"
He was angry, he wasn't really thinking anymore.
"I DON'T LOVE YOU IDIOT! WE WERE OVER A LONG TIME AGO AND I 
ONLY STUCK AROUND FOR YOUR POWERS."
At this yell the canteen went silent. Miraculously Jo had managed to get 
through the majority of the food fight with only a sauce stain on her 
clothes. She put the orange juice bottle down to one side and stopped 
spraying with it. Everyone was frozen listening to the angry couple's 
yells.
"A-are you breaking up with me?"
"YES!"
Then a look of realisation crossed Cally's face. At first her expression 
displayed the hurt inside her, and then it darkened to a look of rage.
"Were you drugging me to boost my powers?"
"YES!"
"Were you using me?"
At this point Dolph's confidence began to fall. He remembered his 
wounded arm. Of course, he had been using her but if he admitted it 
she would go mental. Jo sensed his hesitation and stepped forwards.
"Yes he was Cally."
"STAY OUT OF THIS JO I WANT TO HEAR IT FROM HIM."
"Cally you need to listen to me. Dolph has been using you to get rid of 
his enemies." Jo decided to ramp her speech up a little and jumped up 
onto the table top so everyone could see her. "WHO REMEMBERS MR 
PORTER?" Linda gasped. Rory looked at her. They both knew the girl 
was talking about her late husband. Several hands flew up into the air. 
Jo felt a little like she was conducting an assembly. "Good. Do you 
remember how he ended up?" The hands rose into the air again, this 
time with a little less enthusiasm. How could anyone forget that horrible 
news story? She turned her attention back to Dolph who was backing 
away from his angry girlfriend. "Dolph never liked him, Dolph never 
liked Diane and he's definitely never liked Mrs Richardson. What's the 
connection? I'll tell you: two out of three ended up dead and Mrs had a 
near death experience with that projector." The crowd of schoolchildren 
started to murmur in agitation. "And now he's killed my dad."
"Jo this has nothing to do with me!" Cally exclaimed. She turned on 
Dolph again. "It's all his fault."
"It has everything to do with you! He manipulated you! He made you 
love him. You admitted it on more than one occasion. You were there 
on the night when Diane died why don't you tell us what happened?"
All eyes were on Cally.
"It's none of your business." she said quietly.
"Liar. She was my friend too! Or did you forget?" She paused to make 
sweeping eye contact with every member of the audience, 
remembering what her English teacher had taught her. A tiny part of 
her was enjoying this, she felt like a detective and now she could finally 
catch the criminals. "I wasn't the person who killed Diane, you were."
"WHAT? I'D NEVER DO THAT!" Cally yelled, but her panicked darting 
eyes told a different story.
"Dolph always hated Diane because she told the truth about him. It 
didn't take a genius to realise that he was spiking your drinks at the 
weekly parties. She wanted to warn you, but in doing so she accused 
Dolph and that's one thing you just can't take Cally. Criticism." She 
paused before saying the next part in a quieter tone. "Then you used 
your powers."
"I DIDN'T KNOW WHAT I WAS DOING!"
"I'm not finished yet. After I found you I heard footsteps. Dolph was 
checking up on his dirty work. But I knew Diane. I know what she 
would've said. Diane's last words weren't 'it was Jo', she hadn't finished 
talking. She was going to say 'it was Jo who was right about him and I'm 
just passing on the message'. "
Cally repeated her earlier argument but this time with a bit less oomph.
"I didn't know what I was doing."
"Ignorance is no excuse. You're both under arrest." interrupted Linda. 
She stared at the kids. "What are you looking at? Haven't you got food 
to be eating?"
The normal canteen atmosphere resumed as the children attempted to 
avoid the policewoman's stare. 
	Rory who had been watching Linda's expression throughout the 
entirety of Jo's speech was worried. She'd wanted revenge on Michael's 
killer for so long, what would she do now she knew that the culprit was 
just a confused kid? Jo jumped down from the table and went over to 
join the policeman. 
"You worked all of that out?"
"I'm not a baby."
He smiled. 
"I never said you were." Then he hurried after Linda. She snapped the 
handcuffs around Cally's wrists. Cally barely struggled; she simply stood 
there staring at Dolph and then her sister, unable to believe the truth.  
Rory found himself dealing with the more evasive Dolph who was trying 
to run out of the canteen. It was easy enough to stop him though as the 
fellow students rallied round to help the policeman. Three year elevens 
barred the door whilst a year seven stuck out his foot and tripped Dolph 
up. He fell over hard onto the floor and moaned as his arm throbbed in 
reaction. Rory used the opportunity to cuff the teenager and dragged 
the boy to his feet. Linda wasn't glaring at the girl much to his surprise 
she simply looked lost like Jo had earlier that day in the police station. 
Linda felt like she had lost Michael all over again. Rory walked over to 
her. "Come on; let's get back to the police station." He glanced at Jo. 
"You too. Your mum will be waiting for you by now."
Jo waved goodbye to her friends who stood by the door, covered in 
food splatters. They waved back and as one, the group left.
	On the way to the police car Cally's anger finally took over. She 
ran at Dolph and started to pummel him with her handcuffed fists. She 
kicked at him too. He yelped in pain as she clawed at his arm.
"This is how you made me feel when you ruined my heart!" she hissed 
in his ear.
"Get her off me! She's mad!" Dolph yelled.
Linda watched the pair for a bit longer than necessary before telling 
Rory to separate them. Rory did so, but it was hard work. It seemed 
Cally was tricky to restrain. Eventually Linda pitched in when it was clear 
he was getting nowhere and together they got to the car. The pair 
exchanged glances as they realised it would be difficult to keep them 
apart when they got inside the vehicle.
"I'll call for back up shall I?" suggested Rory.
"Yes. You do that." agreed Linda.
	Within minutes of the call the separate car arrived. It was driven 
by Mark.
"Look who it is, surprise, surprise." mumbled Rory. He shoved Dolph 
into the car before his friend could say anything and told him to take 
Dolph to the police station. Mark looked affronted at not being given 
any time to speak but did as Rory said anyways. He turned to the others. 
"Let's go." 
Linda drove and Rory sat next to her reciting the legalities. 
"You have the right to remain silent. Anything you say can and will be 
used against you in a court of law."
Cally chose to remain silent. She sat next to her sister saying nothing 
whatsoever. Jo had a feeling that Cally would never admit that her 
younger sister had been right. That just wasn't her way of doing things. 
Besides, because of Jo she'd probably end up going to jail.
	Thanks to traffic Mark had got Dolph to the station before the 
others arrived. Cally was put with him, which they all thought was a bad 
idea but there wasn't enough space to separate them again. On the 
bright side Cally hadn't launched another attack on Dolph. Yet. Jo found 
herself sitting in the waiting room but this time her mother was there to 
greet her. She finally let out her feelings about her father and together 
they cried on the bench. Rory explained what had happened to Aileen 
and was surprised by the lack of yelling. Maybe her temper had been 
kicked out of her after receiving Linda's phone call about her husband. 
He certainly hoped so. He turned to find himself facing Mark. 
"What do you want?" he asked wearily.
"First, an explanation." Rory launched into the day's antics and by the 
end Mark had a much better understanding of how his friend felt. When 
Rory finished speaking Mark glanced in Porter's direction and then 
spoke. "I know you've had a long and busy day so I'm not going to say 
much, other than look at Linda." Surprised by the maturity of his 
friend's response Rory did as he told him. The head of the police 
department looked like she was wilting like a dead flower. Linda didn't 
just feel her tired, sad feelings, she emitted them. "I don't care what 
you say; you need to talk to her."
"Okay. You're right." Rory admitted.
Mark patted him on the shoulder and went over to El. He pecked the 
policewoman on the cheek, she smiled and they both watched as Rory 
approached Linda.
"Thank you, my partner in crime." he said to her.
"My pleasure." she replied.
***
Rory stood by Linda. She stared at the bulletin board, fingering the pins. 
She was trying hard not to look at him. He felt uncomfortable; this was 
too formal for his liking.
"I'm so sorry Porter." he said.
"Don't call me that." she said softly.
"What?"
"Call me by my first name."
Well that was an unusual reaction to say the least.
"O-kay."
"I'm sorry about yelling at you earlier by the way, I was thinking about 
things in a little too much depth. Jo's conclusion wasn't far off mine."
"Oh." So that explained it. "She's a clever girl. I wouldn't be surprised if 
she became a detective when she's older." Rory said to fill the awkward 
silence between them.
"Yeah..."
Mark and El, overlooking the conversation from a distance, exchanged 
glances; this was not going as well as they'd hoped.
"Look if you need to talk -" Rory began.
"I don't."
Rory looked at her. He'd had enough of this.
"Yes you do, can't you see? You said yourself the reason I'm on this case 
is to correct your mistakes. It is my duty to give you a decent counselling 
session if you need one because quite frankly you do." Rory felt the 
words come tumbling out of his mouth as soon as he thought them. 
"You are too responsible, your mood swings are - well - irritating to say 
the least and you need to learn how to let go. Michael isn't here 
anymore. I'm sorry, but moping about it will get you nowhere. Thanks to 
our capturing of the two teenage delinquents who killed him in the first 
place you should consider the guy avenged! You'll meet someone else. 
That I'm sure of but the prospect is never going to occur if you don't 
lighten up!"
As soon as Rory finished speaking he put his hand over his mouth. He 
tensed. He was bound to be fired within the next few seconds now. But 
the condemning words never left her mouth.
"Thanks." she said.
"For what?"
"For putting me straight."
"Huh?"
"You're the first person to tell me that to my face."
"And that's a good thing?" questioned Rory in amazement.
"I like it when people are honest."
"Really?"
"Yes."
In fact, the more Linda thought about Rory the more she realised how 
he'd always been there for her. Even on the latest of nights at the office 
he'd managed to lose something and they'd wound up chatting. He had 
comforted her then and was doing it now, although sometimes he 
didn't even know it. At first she'd thought he was like Michael but then 
she realised he was so much more - Rory was alive for starters. Linda 
found herself thinking back to the irritating conversation she'd had with 
Mark and his voice seemed to echo through her head. 
"You act different around him you know."
That day she'd been ready to deny everything and anything but now - 
maybe, just maybe Mark was right. She looked at Rory, analysing him 
almost and immediately noticed how she'd begun to look at him 
differently. In many ways Rory had grown up. He was no longer the 
inexperienced young policeman who'd accidentally arrested a five year 
old for murder. He'd matured, plus he was pretty handsome on closer 
inspection. Linda couldn't believe she hadn't realised this before, but 
that friend of his had. She glanced in Mark's direction and saw he was 
standing with El. Ah. The pair were holding hands. He'd had help then.
	Rory however was still worried about Linda. This pondering 
silence had lasted several minutes now and he felt it was getting to the 
extreme end of what he liked to call The Awkward Scale. He felt like his 
head was a ticking time bomb waiting to explode as he tried to think of 
things to say. She was obviously upset about Michael, yes that had to be 
it. Maybe she just needed a little space. Her eyes looked unfocussed and 
far away as she stared at him. Rory smiled, her eyes were pretty. He 
mentally shook himself out of that idea and tried to focus on saying 
something appropriate to her.
"I'll just leave you to it then." he said.
Linda seemed to come out of her trance.
"Sorry, leave me to what?"
"Erm...your staring."
"What? Oh sorry."
"It's alright; you've got a lot on your plate. Are you okay Linda?"
"Yeah I was just thinking about something."
"Michael I'll bet." Rory muttered.
"Actually no."
"Oh." Rory shuffled his feet sheepishly. She wasn't meant to hear that, 
she was allowed to think about her dead husband after what they'd just 
discovered. "What were you thinking about then?"
"I was just considering something." Rory opened his mouth. "It wasn't 
about him before you ask." He closed it again. "I was thinking about 
this."
Linda stepped forwards, closing the space between them, his eyes 
widened in anticipation. He was half wondering whether he had 
annoyed her so it came as a pleasant surprise when she kissed him. At 
first his eyes widened in shock but then he closed them and melted into 
it. When Linda finally pulled away she was smiling. However the 
moment was spoiled slightly by the call from the corner of the police 
station behind them.
"It's about time!" said El.
"Yeah, but get a room you two!" Mark added.
Much to his surprise Rory noted a light blush appearing on Linda's 
cheeks. He took her by the hand and led her towards her office.
"We've got some time before we have to interview those kids."
She grinned.











Epilogue
Ten years later.

Jo was ready, it would be awkward in every manner of the word, but the 
important part was that she was mentally prepared. She just needed to 
not think about it. She would just think about travel arrangements, the 
tube should sort that out. She stepped into the crush of people and 
tried to avoid going on autopilot. If she focussed on every little detail 
instead of mixing it up into a vague blur then maybe she'd be able to 
avoid the thought of what she was going to -family get together. Too 
late. Jo slapped her head in annoyance. She had to stop doing that.
	Cally was on parole. This was the only reason the whole dinner 
get together was happening in the first place, it would be one of those 
rare times when all of them would be able to meet. Not including her 
father of course. It wasn't that Jo didn't like seeing her family, it could 
be quite fun sometimes but usually a member of the group would 
manage to accidentally bring up a topic related to why Cally was in 
prison in the first place. Jo knew her sister was getting better at 
controlling herself and in many ways she was proud that the 
rehabilitation was so effective but she still had a lot to work on. 
Ordinary prisons couldn't and wouldn't accept her, Cally attended 
somewhere special and it seemed to be helping. Anyways, any time that 
subject got brought up, well; let's just say the result last time hadn't 
been pretty. Cally was doing well, but when she exploded there was 
nothing within a ten mile radius that wasn't affected. It seemed that the 
bottle her father had given her wasn't a proper cure; it merely numbed 
her powers to a less dangerous, more manageable state. They were no 
longer fatal, but had grown up with her and that didn't stop them from 
causing damage. At least they were no longer boosted by the drugs 
Dolph had force fed to her once upon a time, Cally went quiet whenever 
he was brought up. She knew better than him now. But he'd been giving 
her the stuff long enough for it to have a lasting effect on her powers. 
So far, every time she got out on parole she would have one of her 
moments and get dragged back into the prison. It was clearly a painful 
process for her, so Jo had learnt to dread these days. 
	She shook her head in an attempt to rid herself of the memories 
and realised she was standing in front of her mother's front door. She 
felt a wave of nostalgia coming on and quickly knocked on the door 
before it could sweep through her.  Her mother opened the door almost 
instantly with a beaming look on her face. She looked happy, but Jo 
could simply not get used to the grey locks of hair that framed her face 
now.
"Jo it's so good to see you!" Aileen exclaimed giving her daughter a big 
hug. Jo was a little surprised but went with it. Her mother had changed 
a lot after her father died, she'd desperately tried to take over his job as 
the caring parent, but this willingness to hug was clearly a recent 
development. 
"Erm...it's good to see you too mum." Jo said.
Finally she let go.
"Come in, come in, it's freezing out there!"
Jo stepped into the hallway and shrugged off the snowflakes that rested 
on her shoulders. The place was just as she remembered it from her 
teenage years, although now the walls were painted a different shade 
of cream. She started to take off her coat.
"Is Cally here yet?"
"Yes, she was here early too!" Jo raised an eyebrow. "I know I wasn't 
expecting it either." Aileen admitted.
Jo placed her coat on the hanger, removed her shoes and let her mother 
lead her into the dining room. The table was decorated with tinsel, a 
miniature Christmas tree and a festive table cloth. 
"Wow mum, you've really gone all out this year!" Jo commented.
"Well, I thought we ought to celebrate."
Jo eyed the tree; it could very easily get in the way of conversation. In 
fact, that tree was the sole reason why she didn't spot her sister, as 
Cally was sitting directly behind it.
"Hi Jo." said Cally, startling her sister as she stood up.
"Hi Cal." Cally virtually skipped towards Jo and gave her a hug. Jo was 
shocked to say the least. Cally, like her mother, did not do hugs. "What's 
this for?"
Cally broke away.
"Didn't mum tell you?"
Cally's eyes sent daggers at Aileen.
"Don't look at me like that, I only found out when you arrived!" her 
mother protested.
"Tell me what?" asked Jo.
She was curious now, what with all the hugging.
"I am officially out of hell!" Cally announced.
"Huh?" Jo spluttered.
When was Cally in the afterlife in the first place?
"No going back to that prison, I'm free to go!"
Oh. She meant she was officially out of jail. That made a lot more sense. 
"So you've managed to control everything?" Jo double checked.
"Yeah! It's brilliant! Aren't you happy for me?"
Jo felt a smile start to stretch across her face to mirror the one on her 
sister's. She hadn't seen Cally this happy in a very long time. Ironically 
the last time she'd seen her like this was when she met Dolph. 
Everything had gone downhill from there, but now things were finally 
starting to look up.
"Of course I am, just a little surprised by all the hugging."
Aileen chuckled.
"Starting from now I'm going to be a new person. No more mistakes."
"Cally if you want to be a person you have to make a mistake from time 
to time." Jo reminded.
"Yeah I know. Just not a dangerous one this time round."
Jo sensed a hint of doubt in her sister's tone. She couldn't be unsure of 
herself, not after all she'd been through, all she'd managed to withhold.
"You won't." she reassured.
"I did before."
"It's not going to happen again." Jo put her hands on Cally's shoulders. 
"I trust you."




"Gramma do it again!" the child begged.
       The old woman smiled and allowed her right hand to clasp the 
saucepan tightly. Her spidery fingers enveloped the handle. She raised her 
arm, but paused mid-air.
"Are you sure?" she asked.
"Yes! Yes!" the girl squealed.
"Okay then." 
       With a flick of her grey wrist, the saucepan was in the air. Her 
hand detached from her arm and shot into the kitchen at an extraordinary 
speed. A scream came from the room next door. The old woman rolled 
her eyes and the child barely noticed. She was too busy gazing at her 
grandmother in blatant adoration.
	As the pan began to fall the hand returned with the salt. It 
hovered above the metal, the small jet at the hand's rear end powering its 
flight as it added shakes of seasoning to the omelette. It finally 
reconnected to the woman's wrist with a loud click. She caught the pan 
with her free hand. The young girl burst into enthusiastic applause and 
her grandmother bowed. 
       "Thank you, thank you."
"Do it again!" the girl insisted.
"I think that's enough for today." her mother interrupted, entering the 
living room. She glanced at the old woman in irritation. "You gave Simon 
quite a shock you know." 
The child's grandmother simply tutted in response. 
"That's not difficult Elizabeth." She sighed. "I've had this hand almost my 
entire life, you think he'd be used to it by now after growing up with it!"
Elizabeth glared.
"You know as well as I do that your trick is only a recent development." 
she replied, folding her arms.
       The old woman placed the saucepan down on the centre of the 
table.
       "I don't understand why it bothers him so much."
Elizabeth rested her hands on her hips.
"It's dark coloured, spindly and has the ability to crawl at light speed. You 
know what that looks like to him?"
The old woman smirked.
"A robotic hand?" 
Elizabeth rolled her eyes.
"A spider." she replied.
Their conversation was promptly cut short by the child.
"Do it again Gramma! Daddy's a wuss." the girl chirped.
The old woman chuckled.
"As much as I would like to pumpkin, I should probably listen to your 
mother."
"Aw!" the child groaned. "Please?" she asked, making her eyes as big as 
possible.
"Louise, leave it." Elizabeth snapped, knowing that look all too well. "I'm 
going to fetch your father. We're supposed to be going soon anyways: 
look at the sky. It's nearly sunset."
       Louise glanced out of the window to examine the atmosphere. 
For the moment the sky was bright purple but there were hints of faded 
blue at the edges, as if the corners were being worn away. Her grin faded. 
She didn't want to leave but she could already hear her mother exiting 
the room to retrieve her father.
       "Come on pumpkin, it's time for your omelette." her grandmother 
reminded, with a gentle tap to the shoulder.
       Louise's grin instantly reappeared. She whipped round and 
skipped towards her place at the table, promptly taking her seat. The old 
woman smiled at the child's speed and held out the pan with her left 
hand. Her right detached from her wrist once more, grabbed the spatula 
from the table and scampered onto the rim of the saucepan. It firmly 
wedged the implement underneath the layer of warm egg and hoisted it 
into the air. For a few seconds the hand teetered on the edge of the pan 
as if it could not hold what currently appeared to be twice its body (or 
hand) weight. Louise gasped in awe but then it jumped onto the table and 
delivered dinner to her plate. She clapped again as it dropped the spatula 
and reattached itself to her grandmother's arm with the usual click.
       "Don't tell your mother." the old woman said, with a good 
natured wink. "Now that's enough gawping for one day, I'm not in a 
museum yet. Eat up!"
       Louise obediently started to guzzle down the meal and her 
grandmother sat at the head of the table. The old woman stared at her 
right arm in concern. It was no longer the bright, alien grey it had once 
been. The tired metal plates were rusted in corners and the gear 
movements beneath the transparent covering juddered almost painfully. 
She stroked her arm soothingly, gently feeling each metallic muscle's 
heaving movement. She stopped when her hand reached her shoulder 
and pressed five numbers into the black keypad situated on it. The 
number pad lit up with neon colours as her fingers touched it, a warning 
message appearing on its screen. 
"I know, I know." the old woman muttered. "Don't be so sensitive."
       The locking mechanism by her neck unclamped itself and she 
carefully unscrewed her arm. Louise, who had only ever seen hand 
removal, completely forgot about her food and gaped. 
       Her grandmother felt her pockets until she found her trusty 
screwdriver, pressed a further button to open the covering gear plates 
and started to tinker. It took her a full five minutes to realise that Louise 
was no longer eating. 
       "Gramma?"
Unsurprisingly, the child's blue eyes were fixed on the lone arm that now 
sat on the table, twitching whenever her grandmother saw fit to touch 
the screwdriver to a gear. 
"Hm?" the old woman replied, glancing up at her granddaughter.
"What are you doing?" Louise asked.
"Tinkering." she replied.
"Oh." Louise frowned. "What does that mean?"
"Fiddling."
       There was a brief silence as the old woman worked and the young 
girl watched.
       "Gramma, how did you get your new arm?" Louise asked finally. 
       She put down her cutlery, slipped off of her seat and walked 
towards her grandmother's end of the table.
       "I lost my old one." the old woman remarked somewhat 
unhelpfully as she focused on the engineering.
Louise paused, slightly taken aback. She absent-mindedly stroked her own 
arm.
       "D-did it hurt?" she questioned hesitantly.
"Not at first." the old woman replied. "Not physically anyways."
	Curiosity took over nervous caution and Louise stepped closer. 
She rested her arms on the table in a rather awkward manner, seeing as 
she was barely tall enough to see the salt shaker without a chair. Her 
grandmother was bowed over the table (more than usual) so her nose 
was almost touching the rim of the uppermost plates. The screwdriver 
seemed to dance through the machinery, tapping some areas with 
focused intent and merely straying in others to make a simple diagnosis. 
The woman's nose made brief contact with the metal. She sighed and 
drew back her head.
       "What's wrong Gramma?"
"It's been overheating again." she replied. Her left hand casually rolled 
the arm over. "You see that?"
       Louise squinted.
"No." 
       The old woman chuckled.
"You'll be inheriting my short sight in that case." 
       She patted her lap and Louise promptly jumped onto it. Her 
grandmother repressed a grunt and pointed at the gear. 
"You see where that piece of metal is?" Louise nodded. "It's caught on 
part of that cog next to it." she explained.
The child smiled. Surely such a simple problem was easy to fix? 
       She reached out to reposition the metal but her grandmother 
batted her hand away.
"Careful pumpkin! Use the screwdriver."
Louise glanced up at her in confusion.
"Why?"
The old woman rolled her eyes.
"For starters, it could burn your finger off and then you'd have no need 
for a good old fashioned Scarring." she chided.
       Louise's eyes widened and she eyed the arm in apprehension. The 
Scarring was the reason that her father was in a wheelchair, the reason 
that her mother had an extra finger and the reason that her grandfather - 
well, Louise remained unsure of what his physical defect was. Whenever it 
was mentioned her grandmother simply smiled and repeated the words: 
"That's between me and him pumpkin. Let's just say it certainly doesn't 
hold him back." If anything could produce results equal to a Scarring 
Louise knew that it was best avoided.
       "I- I don't want to be Scarred." she whimpered, tears welling in 
her eyes.
"Listen to me pumpkin; a Scar can make you or break you and you have 
some choice in which option you take. It happens to the best of us and it's 
not all bad." her grandmother replied firmly, taking pity on the child. The 
girl looked up at the old woman in curiosity. "Take me for example. When 
I turned eighteen I lost my right arm," She paused. "and my virginity." She 
added with a twinkle in her eye.
"What's virginity?" asked Louise in confusion.
Her grandmother smiled knowingly.
"Never you mind. Anyways, my arm disappeared and for a long time 
things were different. I felt this ache in my heart; a longing for something 
to fill the gap but I soon realised my Scarring could go one of two ways: it 
could break me, or make me. I decided on the latter - so I upgraded. I like 
to think of my new arm as an extra heart because all it is really is is a 
pump. It's a part of me but it doesn't define me. Sometimes a Scar is 
barely noticeable. I know several people who didn't realise what theirs 
was until a few days after! Even if it isn't, your grandfather is a strapping, 
handsome man, but you don't define him by the size of his -"
       "Mother!" Louise's father exclaimed, wheeling into the room.
The old woman's husband followed his son, narrowly avoiding banging his 
head on the doorframe.
       "Etta you weren't giving away the goods were you?" he chuckled.
"I won't give away what's already mine." the old woman smirked.
Louise's father grimaced.
"And that is our signal to leave." he muttered. "Come on Louise!"
	The child reluctantly followed him but her thoughts remained 
with her grandmother's robotic arm. For a pseudo-heart it seemed 
disturbingly faulty and awfully easy to mishandle. For a moment Louise 
stood in the doorway, contemplating as she looked back at her 
grandparents. 
       Etta's functional hand remained by her robotic one but her eyes 
were focused on her husband, a pleasant smile gracing her wrinkled 
features at his presence. He returned the look with equal enthusiasm, 
bending down slightly to wrap his arm around her shoulders. He 
whispered something in her ear and she giggled. For a split second the 
pair were happily in their own world, regardless of the limp robotic arm 
on the dinner table which still twitched.
       The arm was alarmingly reminiscent of a dying insect going into 
muscle spasms. The girl could only stare at it in hypnotic, horrified 
fascination. Elizabeth returned to the room and the moment was broken.
	"Louise come on!" she exclaimed. "You have to get up early for 
school tomorrow."
       Elizabeth walked towards the door, placed her hand on her 
daughter's back (Louise would know that touch anywhere) and gave her a 
gentle push. The child glanced over her shoulder at her grandparents who 
were now waving goodbye and raised a hand to do the same. Before she 
could move it, she was enveloped by the enticing green glow of the portal 
and found herself stumbling through her own doorway. After a few 
minutes of presumably prolonged goodbyes, Elizabeth followed and 
closed the house door on the portal. 
"Bedtime." she announced firmly.







































2 months later


Simon Inwood sat in the café and stared seemingly anywhere but his 
coffee. His green rimmed glasses, although proportional to his eyes, 
seemed to enhance them due to his long sightedness. Today their size 
was even more noticeable due to the deep bags underneath them. The 
dark shadows seemed to punctuate the outline. 
       If he took his glasses off, his pupils always appeared obviously 
smaller and less magnified. When Elizabeth had first met him, she always 
teased that he was like a fly: constantly buzzing, observing and being 
swatted at. He had smiled. She wasn't wrong about the observing.
	He set his eyes on a couple several tables away from him and 
allowed his ears to tune into the pair's conversation. The woman seemed 
upset about something and the man was trying to console her, although 
the context otherwise was rather difficult to determine.
       "Jade, there was nothing you could've done." the stranger said.
       The woman glanced down at her food, picking at the eggs that lay 
virtually untouched on her plate.
       "No," she replied. "there was plenty I could've done."
       He reached forwards and placed his hand over hers.
       "You're being too hard on yourself."
She looked up into his eyes.
"She said she broke up with me for a reason."
"Then she's a bitch." the man stated. "Don't let her affect your eating 
habits."
       Simon smiled to himself and glanced down at his table before the 
pair could realise he was watching. His observing had been noticed once 
before and that had been an extremely awkward situation which he now 
knew to avoid at all costs.
       He ticked off several behaviours on his sheet of paper and added 
another category to the chart. His daughter stared at him from across the 
table. Her plate had emptied of breakfast at least an hour ago and signs of 
boredom were starting to show. She was fidgeting and beginning to wish 
that she had brought a toy with her to play with. She should've known her 
father would be more focused on the people around him than what was 
right in front of him. He probably would've noticed her irritation, if he 
ever paid attention to her behaviour.
       "Daddy?"
"Not now Louise. I'm busy." 
"That's what you said when you bought your drink!" she complained.
"Well I'm just going to be a little longer."
"You always say that." she huffed, folding her arms.
"That's because I'm getting some really interesting results." he replied, his 
gaze unwavering from the strangers around him.
Louise sighed. That was another one of her father's catch phrases.
       "When's mummy arriving?" she asked.
       Finally the man dropped his gaze from their surroundings and 
lowered it to meet his daughter's eyes. 
       "Honey, we've talked about this. Your mother won't be having 
breakfast with us for a while. She's in hospital."
"Can't we have breakfast there?" she mused. "I bet there'd be loads of 
cool medicine-y behaviour!" she added, hoping to appeal to her father's 
hobby.
       At long last Simon turned his attention to his coffee. He took a 
long sip from the lukewarm mug, grimacing at the temperature.
       "Louise, we don't want to disturb her. She needs a lot of rest at 
the moment." he reminded. "Besides, she's been transferred to a 
different hospital and the Airportal won't be open yet."
       Louise sighed. She knew that most portals opened at 6am and 
closed at midnight but the swirling yellow portals were different. The 
information had been drummed into her at school, along with the fact 
that Airportals were more time specific due to the noticeable time 
differences between different regions of the Set. She bit her lip.
       "But -"
"NO." Simon almost shouted, regretting the action almost instantly as his 
daughter's lower lip wobbled. "Look honey, why don't you take the portal 
home and I'll join you later? I just need to finish up here."
"O-okay." Louise whispered, leaving her chair and heading for the exit.











10 years later


It seemed that little had changed. Her father still remained obsessed with 
psychology and little else. The only difference now was that they had both 
grown older and Louise's mother was gone permanently. The pair sat at 
the same table as Louise, armed with a book, prepared herself for 
imminent boredom. 
       She used to try and avoid their awkward Saturday morning 
breakfasts but now she made sure that she attended, just for the sake of 
being close to her father. It was difficult to get through to him nowadays 
despite the fact that he fed, clothed and sheltered her. 
       Simon skim read the newspaper as usual before he began his 
observations. This time however, an article made him stop. His gasp made 
Louise look up, caught off guard by the surprising amount of emotion 
present in his voice.
       "What is it?" she asked.
"There's a convention on next week." he said, the enthusiasm almost 
leaping from his voice.
"What about?"
"Psychology." her father replied. Louise wondered why she'd bothered to 
ask. "There's going to be guest speakers and workshops and - free 
drinks!" His eyes lit up at the mention of alcohol. "Just think about the 
scientific opportunity! If I go to this thing -"
"It'd be a great networking opportunity." Louise finished. 
       Perhaps her father could socialise with qualified professionals 
who would give him realistic tips. She could picture the scene quite clearly 
in her head although she wasn't entirely sure how real psychologists 
would react to her father's cheerful raving about how he studies random 
people for fun. The professionals would probably laugh at his ideas but at 
least they could input some serious ones into his head. If she was very 
lucky, perhaps those ideas might be about what he should be spending his 
own behaviours on. 
       "Why haven't you left yet?" she remarked, somewhat bitterly, 
surprised that he hadn't taken an Airportal directly to the venue.
Simon tapped his finger on the travel details of the page.
"The Airportal timetables are unfortunate. You'd be left home alone for a 
week." he said. "I can't let your grandmother have another reason to 
lecture me can I?"
       He gave Louise a knowing smile which she returned. It wasn't that 
her father didn't care about her, although she had to remind herself of 
this more frequently, it was simply the fact that he was too busy 
obsessing over his hobby to show it. 
       Simon sighed longingly as he stared at the article. Louise 
repressed a sigh of her own. She hadn't seen him so full of joy in a long 
time. She remembered when her mother had reminded him to wash 
everyone's socks. At the time she had been bed ridden but the simple 
reminder of such mundane details had brought a light to both their eyes. 
She'd said that she'd need clean socks when she got out of the hospital.
       "You should go."
He glanced up in surprise.
"What?"
"I'm seventeen dad. I can look after myself." Louise assured him. "Besides, 
you're due a holiday. It's not like they have a shortage of factory 
workers."
"A-are you sure?" he asked, a look of guilt flashing into his eyes but she 
could tell that he was already won over by the idea.
She shrugged.
"If the house burns down I can always phone Gramma."
Simon chuckled.
"She might leave you in there for agreeing with me but honestly, are you 
sure?" he asked, a look of concern spreading across his face. "I don't have 
to go. I know it's not fair to you- "
Louise rolled her eyes. A lot wasn't fair to her.
       "Dad." she interrupted, bringing a halt to his apologetic rambling. 
"It's fine. Go pack."
       His grin grew ten times larger. She wondered if his jaw was sore 
yet. It wasn't used to the exercise.
       "Thank you honey." he said, rolling his chair forwards slightly so 
that he could kiss her on the forehead before leaving. "I owe you one."
       As he left the café, Louise pulled his mug to her side of the table. 
Sure enough, the man's coffee remained almost completely untouched. 
She took a quick sip but it was too cold for her liking. She forced down a 
little of the liquid to be polite as she contemplated what she would say to 
shift her grandmother's better judgment. The woman would never 
condemn her only grandchild to a week alone in the house but Louise 
didn't see what the problem was. She was almost an adult. Besides, she 
would barely notice the difference.






































 1


"Louise Inwood!" the teacher snapped. "Are you listening to me?"
       Louise reluctantly lifted her head from her folded arms and 
mouthed the word "barely" to Imogen, who sat beside her. She gave the 
teacher a bored glance. Imogen rested her hand over her mouth in an 
attempt to hide her blatant amusement.
       "You were lecturing us on the "unique" importance of the 
Scarring." Louise replied; the quotation marks in her speech painfully 
audible.
"Yes." said the teacher, oblivious to her sceptical tone. He turned his 
attention back to the class and took another lolloping, unbalanced stride 
across the room. "At what age does the Scarring take place?"
"On the eve of your eighteenth birthday." Louise muttered too quietly to 
be heard by anyone other than herself and Imogen.
       "Yes Lavender?" the teacher said, directing his attention to the 
back of the classroom.
       He took a few wobbly steps forwards and once again Louise found 
her eyes being drawn to his feet. One trouser leg seemed to hang limply 
off his body and was oddly thin.
       "When you turn eighteen." Lavender answered.
He nodded.
"Very good."
       Louise rolled her eyes.
"This is primary school stuff." she whispered to Imogen. "There's no point 
putting your hand up when everyone here knows the answer. How old 
does he think we are?"
Imogen shrugged, her eyes remaining fixed on the teacher's but her 
glance kept straying to his leg. The man had a formidable limp despite his 
constant pacing. It was a strange cross between a shuffle and a stumble. 
As he awkwardly turned to the greyboard, Louise took the opportunity to 
look behind her at the rest of the class. Most eyes, or at least, those 
whose weren't glazed over, were focused on the man's leg. She rubbed 
her own eyes. She didn't have the patience for this.
	The teacher turned to face the class and glanced at his watch.
"Gosh is it that time already?" he exclaimed in surprise. Louise nodded 
irritably. She'd been keeping a close eye on the time herself. "The bell's 
about to go, so any questions before we pack up?"
Louise stretched her hand into the air. She was going to ask the question 
on everyone's mind.
       "Yes Louise?" he said, looking pleased at potential enthusiasm in 
the sea of glum expressions.
"What's your Scar sir?" she asked.
The class perked up whilst the teacher seemed to simultaneously droop at 
her words. Imogen stared at her in shock.
       "What are you doing?" she snapped.
"Speaking my mind." Louise muttered in response.
       The teacher sighed.
"Louise, you know, that's quite rude -"
"You don't have to answer if you feel uncomfortable Mr Renning." she 
interrupted. "Most of us can guess there's something off with your leg 
anyways." she added as he opened his mouth to reply.
       The man's eyes narrowed and his lips settled into line. He pulled 
up his chair and slumped onto it. He raised the guilty limb and pulled up 
its trouser leg. Louise fought back the urge to recoil in horror; she was the 
person who had asked to see the teacher's Scar so she was going to be 
polite about the result. Several, less gracious people behind her, gasped.
        A crusty tentacle flopped from the trouser leg. It was decorated 
in a sickly green mucus that leeched into Mr Renning's shoe. She was 
amazed that he could walk at all on such a flimsy limb.
       "Any other questions?" he asked, an edge to his voice.
       A guilty silence followed that was promptly interrupted by the 
bell. Everyone started to hurriedly pack their bags in order to escape the 
uncomfortable tension. The teacher let his trouser leg drop and his gaze 
fell to the floor.
	"Uurgh I've got volunteering tonight." Louise moaned, in an 
attempt to lighten the atmosphere.
       Imogen tore her gaze away from their dejected teacher.
       "You know you love it really." she murmured, gathering her bag 
and hooking the strap around her arm.
       Louise flashed her a smile. It was uncannily bright.
       "Come on, we're the last people here!" 
She anxiously glanced at Mr Renning and tugged Imogen's arm. Their 
fellow pupils had been quick to leave for a reason.
       "Yeah, yeah." Imogen muttered.
	The pair stood and began to walk towards the door. Louise was 
opening it when Mr Renning spoke.
"Imogen?"  The girls froze. Louise's panicked eyes flashed to her friend's 
face. "Could you stay behind a minute?" the teacher asked. "I'd like a 
word." 
"Sure." she replied. "I'll see you tomorrow Lou."
"Okay. Bye." said Louise, her tone slightly uncertain as she left the 
classroom.
       Imogen slowly closed the door, turned and approached the 
teacher. He gave her a small smile.
"How did I do?"
       She leant back onto the desk behind her and moulded her face 
into what she hoped was a reassuring expression of some sort.
       "You were fine Greg. Eight out of ten for originality." she replied, 
knowing that the longer she kept silent the more obvious the lie would 
become.
"Originality huh?" he remarked. "You mean the leg."
"No -" the teenager began. The teacher raised an eyebrow in disbelief. 
She tried again. "- maybe? Look, what I'm trying to say is that it was 
definitely a - a - history lesson to remember." she finished lamely.
"I'm sure it was." he agreed bitterly.
       Greg scowled at his trousers and stood up. He started to collect 
his supplies from around the room. Realising what he was doing, Imogen 
walked towards the back of the classroom to do the same. 
       "Don't be like that!" she sighed as she picked up a worksheet.
"You lot were bored to tears. The only thing that interested your friend 
was my Scar." he complained, reaching for a board pen.
"You can't expect your first lesson to go perfectly." Imogen reminded. She 
swiped another sheet from the adjacent table. "Besides, Louise was out of 
line. You should've screamed at her loud enough to be heard on the other 
side of the Set!" she said, a hint of frustration entering her voice.
He laughed and placed the pen in his bag.
"Perhaps."
Her eyes softened.
"Why didn't you?" Imogen asked, walking down the next row to grab 
more of the sheets.
"Well it's natural to be curious at your age and I'd rather you all saw the 
real me than a mysteriously hidden limp. Besides, you would've never 
focused on the lesson content." he explained.
Imogen frowned. His limp hadn't been very "hidden".
        "So," Greg continued, as she passed him her pile of collected 
worksheets. "any tips for your novice uncle?"
       He straightened the sheets against the table and placed them in 
his folder.
"Less lecturing, more activities - preferably group stuff." she suggested. 
"Make sure it's about something we don't already know."
       With some effort he shoved the folder into his rucksack and 
zipped it up. The fabric bulged. Imogen tilted her head to one side, 
waiting for it to burst. There was a reason why her uncle's bags never 
lasted.
       "Well I have to make sure you all know the basics." Greg replied.
       He attempted to strap his lump of a rucksack onto his back. 
Imogen giggled. 
       "What?"
"You are carrying way too much." she pointed out.
"Mm hm." Greg agreed and abruptly changed subject as he headed for 
the door. "I'll leave first shall I? Wouldn't want your classmates to think 
I've already got a favourite."
"Screw them." Imogen said firmly.
Greg grinned.
"Nah, they're too busy screwing each other."
She pulled a face, not wanting to think about what her classmates got up 
to in their free time.
       "What?" Greg continued. "It's what I'd be doing at your age -"
"Let's not go there." said Imogen quickly.
"Home first?" her uncle suggested.
"Yeah." 
       He opened the door for his niece as she walked forwards but 
Imogen paused as she reached him.
       "Let me worry about Louise. I guarantee you'll get an apology by 
lunchtime tomorrow."

***

Louise left school at a brisk walk, feeling more than a little uncomfortable 
about her history lesson. It wasn't that she actively disliked people who 
were Scarred, (she had decided a long time ago that it wasn't physically 
possible to hate everyone over the age of eighteen for something that 
wasn't their fault) lately she just didn't know how to act around them. 
That was why she preferred being around children; they said what they 
meant and had nothing to hide. Being around them felt easier and their 
often amusing innocence always took her by surprise.
	Her eyes lit up as she set her sights on the portal that 
encompassed the nursery entrance. It lay just beneath the sign which 
clearly stated: Cascian Nursery. As for the portal itself, it glowed 
regulation copper as all government institution entrances did. Louise 
beamed and stepped into the familiar light, passing into the building.
       "Afternoon Lou!" Michelle greeted.
"Hey." Louise responded, glancing up at the monitor on the wall above 
the reception desk.
       It displayed a particularly appalling picture of her, along with basic 
details such as age and status, in this case: volunteer. She winced at the 
pictured expression. Michelle glanced up at the monitor and smiled, 
partly in amusement and partly in sympathy.
       "Mind telling me what happened when you walked through that 
portal?" she asked.
Louise scratched her head as she came towards the desk.
"I honestly don't know; I was smiling and everything!"
"Uh huh." 
       Michelle didn't sound convinced and Louise couldn't really blame 
her.
       "I guess I'll just have to get a better one on the way out." the 
teenager replied.
       Michelle handed her ID badge over and Louise started to walk 
towards the main room.
"The kids are outside!" the woman called after her. "It's a beautiful day."
	Louise grinned. Michelle claimed every day was a beautiful one. It 
was just her overly optimistic way. Something was wrong when she 
refrained to mention it. This time however, Louise had to agree. The sky 
had been positively glistening with sun, which was extremely unusual at 
this time of year. It had been difficult not to admire on the brief trek from 
school to the nursery. She knew it would be getting dark soon so they 
would have little time to enjoy it.
	Louise walked through the main room, keeping her eyes on the 
floor. Toys were scattered throughout the play area as usual but it 
seemed particularly messy today. She had to place her feet very carefully 
to avoid tripping on her colourful surroundings. She was just about to step 
outside into the playground when she felt something snag around her 
ankle. A slinky perhaps? Louise didn't have time to check as she fell 
forwards. Her right hand waved frantically until it caught the edge of the 
door. She grasped the handle and used it to wrench herself upright. When 
she was standing once more she glanced down. Sure enough, a horribly 
tangled slinky was wrapped around her ankle. She reached down and 
plucked it from her foot, tossing it back into the abyss of toys. She grunted 
and stepped out onto the playground.
	It seemed surprisingly quiet today. The grass sparkled underneath 
the extraordinarily bright sunlight. Louise half expected it to wilt at any 
minute however, there was a distinct lack of small feet pattering across it. 
She glanced at the shed, which remained plaintively tucked in the usual 
corner. 
	Gina sat in front of it on a small, puce coloured chair that was ten 
times too small for her. She stared into the distance with a vacant look on 
her face. Louise knew from experience that Gina tended to adopt such an 
expression when she didn't want to be bothered. The teenager decided to 
follow her instincts and leave the fellow volunteer alone for the time 
being. 
	She scanned the playground and her eyes focused on the multi-
coloured slide. Most of the children had gathered around it and were 
taking turns to use it, although they were doing so in a rather unorthodox 
manner. Louise marched towards them. 
       "What are you doing?" she asked.
The children exchanged nervous glances and the eldest, who was 
currently in the process of crawling up the slide's surface, turned his head 
to answer the question.
"Climbing." he replied in a matter of fact tone. 
       Louise sidled closer to the slide, subtly parting the crowd of 
children so her head was level with the boy's.
       "Well that's all very well," she began, pausing to check the large 
sticker on his chest that displayed his name. "but why don't you do it on 
the climbing frame, George?"
       He cast his eyes over to the brown ropes that decorated the far 
wall of the playground.
       "That's too easy!" he moaned.
"Well you can't climb on the slide. You'll get your mucky shoes all over it 
and that'll make it very difficult to go down. Come on." Louise stretched 
her arms over the rims of the slide and patted his shoulder. "I can think of 
a few ways we can make the climbing frame more exciting."
       The boy looked down at his fellow playmates, as if seeking 
permission to leave his post. A couple of heads nodded and he slid back 
down the way he had come up. As soon as his feet touched the ground, 
he raced towards the climbing frame. Some of the other children followed 
his lead but a couple started to go up the slide's ladder. He stopped 
expectantly by the ropes, waiting for Louise to make an executive decision 
as the resident adult.
       "Let's see, you could climb... mountain Humungous?" she 
suggested.
"Mount Hu-hummus?" he repeated as best as he could manage.
"Yes." Louise replied with a smile. She shielded her eyes as she surveyed 
the top of the climbing frame. "That's a long way up." She turned to face 
the other children that flocked about her legs. "I don't think he'll make it." 
she stage whispered. 
       George promptly started to climb the ropes.
"I'll make it." he announced.
"But what if there's an avalanche?!" Louise exclaimed. 
       For a second the boy looked stumped but then a girl by her legs 
joined him at the bottom of the climbing frame. 
       "The avalanche can't get us if there's more than one of us." she 
said.
Louise frowned at the child's logic but they seemed to be engaging with 
the ropes so she didn't particularly care.
       Another boy walked towards the climbing frame - well, waddled. 
He was a rather plump child and reminded Louise of when she was 
younger. She was still a little large around the stomach area.
       "Don't worry." he said. "I have super strength. I can push the 
snow into the sun and then it'll melt!"
Louise grinned.
"That's the spirit." 
       She sat on the grass and leant back on the shed wall, a couple of 
metres from where Gina sat. The children who'd previously been on the 
slide came over to cautiously watch the mountain adventure that was 
taking place on the climbing frame. George was getting very enthusiastic.
       "OH NO! THERE'S A MOUNTAIN BEAR!" he yelled.
"I'll save you!" the other boy cried. 
The girl huffed. 
"Well, I'm going to get to the top."
       Louise turned her attention to the audience of remaining children 
that stood watching the spectacle. She searched for a familiar name 
sticker and eventually found one. 
       "Jake! How was your weekend?" she asked.
       The boy gave her a toothy grin. His teeth were almost as jumbled 
as his spiky dark hair; he was one of the kids that Louise could tell was 
going to receive braces early on in life.
       "It was really fun!" he said, stretching his arms into the air. He 
narrowly avoided hitting several of the others. "It was my birthday and 
mum said I could have my party at a swimming pool!"
"That sounds promising." Louise replied, happy for the boy.
       She knew how cheerful the prospect of a good swim made him. 
He owed his lean figure to his constant weekend practises.
        "Dad took me to a theme park afterwards; there was this ride 
that went round and round and he felt sick but I wanted to keep going."
       Louise felt a little sorry for his father, she too was a frequent 
victim of motion sickness although she wasn't about to voice this to the 
boy.
       "That sounds fun." she lied.
       Jake eyed the climbing frame in a calculating fashion and 
promptly flung himself at the ropes, preventing any further need for 
conversation. She smiled but the expression soon turned into a frown as 
her gaze skimmed the playground. A girl stood by the slide on her own. 
Louise sighed and stood up, glancing at her watch as she did so. They 
would be going back inside soon.
       "Keep an eye on this lot will you Gina?"
       Broken out of her daydream, the volunteer scowled in her 
direction but nodded.
	Louise headed towards the girl. The child had brightly coloured 
hair, whose roots were deeply red and freckles scattered playfully across 
her cheeks. Louise recognised her instantly without needing to look at her 
sticker.
       "Hello Scarlett." she greeted. The four year old glanced up at her. 
"This is getting to be a habit with you. Why don't you come and play with 
the others?" she asked.
       Scarlett stared at her shoes with such focus that the teenager 
wondered if she wanted to redesign them.
       "I don't like climbing." she murmured shyly.
       Louise crouched so she was level with the child.
"That's okay, not everyone over there is climbing." she said. "You can sit 
with me if you like." 
       Scarlett raised her eyes slightly to meet hers. Louise repressed a 
sigh. Those were not eyes of agreement.
 	"Can I stay here?" the child asked.
"If you really want to but isn't it a bit lonely?" Louise replied. Scarlett said 
nothing. "Well, I'm starting to get bored over there so if you don't mind I 
think I might join you." 
       Louise sat down on the grass directly beneath the slide. Scarlett 
gave her a small smile.
       "Okay."
       The child, without even having to duck down, sat beside Louise 
underneath the slide. For a while the pair didn't say anything to each 
other - they just sat in companionable silence. However it wasn't long 
until Louise started to feel a little awkward. She searched her head for 
potential conversation topics that she knew, from past experience, the 
child might actually engage with. Finally, one came to mind.
       "How is Muffin?" she questioned.
       Louise faintly remembered the girl telling her about Muffin and 
hoped she wasn't getting her mixed up with another child.
       "She's lonely." Scarlett replied. "She doesn't have any other 
rabbits to play with."
Louise wondered if Scarlett was projecting her own situation onto the toy.
       "Maybe if you asked your parents very nicely they could get 
Muffin a playmate?" she suggested.
"Well, I - I-" the girl stuttered and trailed off, looking at the grass again.
Louise rubbed her shoulder gently.
       "It's okay, what is it?"
"IwaswonderingifMuffincouldcomehere?" the child mumbled.
Louise frowned, allowed herself a few minutes to digest and potentially 
understand what Scarlett had said, then gave up.
"Sorry, say that again?" 
"I was wondering - if Muffin could come here - with me?" she repeated 
hopefully.
Louise gave the child a warm smile and cast another glance at her watch.
       "I don't see why not. Maybe you could both make some new 
friends. You could get a head start today you know, so Muffin doesn't 
have to worry when she arrives?"
Scarlett nodded.
       "The others are going in now." Louise noted, sparing a glance for 
the crowd of exhausted mountain climbers as they returned to the 
nursery playroom. "Perhaps you could ask them if they know any other 
rabbits Muffin could play with?"
       Louise crawled out from their hiding place and held her hand out 
to the girl. Scarlett eyed it cautiously for a minute and then stood. As she 
moved to take the teenager's hand there was a strange scraping noise of 
skin on metal and Louise stared at the girl in shock.
        A pair of dark jeans loomed behind Scarlett but it was not the 
stranger's fashion sense that was startling. Rough, unfamiliar hands 
grasped onto the girl, one jumping to cover her mouth. The child's eyes 
widened and she began to squirm, making non-verbal noises as loudly as 
she could. That was when the large kitchen blade unsheathed itself, 
peering over her small shoulders. Panicked tears cascaded down Scarlett's 
pale face as the pair faced each other, both rooted to the spot in fear. The 
child's tremors seemed to possess her very being. She was terrified.
       "I-it's going to be okay." Louise managed, feeling utterly useless.
       Before she could even cry out in protest, the blade smoothly 
swept back across the girl's throat. The movement was forceful, yet the 
action was carried out with such fluid speed that it appeared almost as if 
it the stranger was aiming to brush her hair. The metal edge pierced 
Scarlett's chin, accompanied by the child's inhuman gurgle, and did not 
stop there. Having already skimmed her throat, it continued to slice 
through the thin layer of flesh that coated her freckled cheekbones, 
allowing the child's broken face to merge with the outside world like 
scabs of snow. Unable to move, unable to think, Louise simply stared into 
what remained of the child's eyes as they grew vacant. Scarlett slumped 
in the stranger's arms. 
       The murderer dropped her onto the blood stained grass. In the 
split second that the tiny body took to fall, Louise snapped. The girl's 
mutilated face hit the bottom rung of the ladder, spraying copious 
amounts of blood further onto the slide as the teenager opened her 
mouth to scream. She waited expectantly for the shrill sound to ring out 
and for her reactions to come up to speed but instead the slide toppled 
towards her. The metal handlebar crashed into the side of her face and 
Louise plunged towards the ground. She was dimly aware of the 
momentum twisting her body before she hit the floor. The sky caved in 
and everything went black.

Drip.

Drip.

       The quiet squashing of grass seemed surprisingly loud in contrast 
to the previous silence. The grass flattener came to an abrupt halt and 
began to emit a disturbingly unpleasant gasping sound.
"Oh - oh - "
       "GINA!" yelled a familiar voice. It sounded far away but was most 
definitely a yell. The person continued to speak but the volume level 
suddenly quietened. Its following crescendo was accompanied by further 
patches of grass being pressed down - hard. "You can't just storm off 
whenever you feel like it! The children are meant to be constantly 
supervised! What on the Set has got you so wound - oh my god."

Drip.

The gasping continued.
       "We - we have to call the police." the second voice said, the 
anger emptying from it.
" - god - " the gasper continued.
"Do you have your phone?"
"W - what?" 
"Gina, breathe." the second voice said impatiently. "Do you have your 
phone? I think I left mine back at reception."
       There was a few seconds of heavy panting before the gasper 
broke down into heavy sobs.
"Y-yeah, I guess."
"Give it to me and get the children sent home. I don't want them seeing 
this." the voice said firmly. "I - I don't want to see this" she continued, her 
voice breaking. "but the nursery isn't safe."
"Wha-what are you going - to do?"
The second voice swallowed.
"Not panic. You're going to do it too; now go back inside and be calm for 
the children." For a moment there was a sound of rustling. "Thank you."
       The grass squishing, that Louise's brain was slowly starting to 
decode into footsteps, returned and faded into the distance. A series of 
tuneful electronic beeps and swear words followed. 
       "Hello? I - I need an ambulance and the police at number four, 
Reredrum Street now. Yes, that's the nursery." There was a brief pause. "I 
- I don't know, I borrowed it. Look, just get them to hurry. I - I think two 
of our kids are dead." 

Drip.

       Louise's eyes fluttered open in time to the rhythm of her blood 
falling. She struggled to focus on the green and red blurs until they 
became clear. The grass in front of her was tinged a deep red.
        She flexed her fingers. She was alive. Why was she still alive when 
- never mind. She preferred not to remember. Maybe it hadn't happened. 
Maybe it was a just a bad dream. The situation was so nightmarish it 
couldn't be real. 
If it's just a dream then why don't you get up?
       With her confidence growing and pain subsiding in the face of the 
stronger emotion, Louise spread her hands against the grass and pushed. 
Nothing happened. Feeling the panic rising within her, she pushed again 
but remained immobile. She was trapped. 
       She slowly moved her head, trying to work out what it was that 
was pinning her down. Big mistake. The pressure of the silver bar forced 
her head down again, making her surroundings spin in the process. A 
blurred pair of shoes suddenly forced themselves into view.
       "Lou?"
"Michelle?" she said faintly.
"Thank god! Just hold on, okay? An ambulance is on its way."
"Is Scarlett - "
"Gina's sending the kids home." Michelle interrupted. "She's such a 
hormonal hothead sometimes I forget that she can be a responsible 
adult." she told her, half laughing and half sobbing.
       Louise closed her eyes. Michelle's lack of an answer told her 
everything she needed to know.

***

When Louise next opened her eyes she was laying on a long, white bed in 
an unfamiliar room. She wearily lifted her arm to glance at her watch. It 
was six o'clock, twenty minutes since the children would've been sent 
back inside at the nursery.
       "Louise Inwood?" 
       She sat up, searching for the source of the voice. Her eyes met 
those of a white coated man she'd never seen before. He had no visible 
Scar. That was probably why he had been chosen to talk to her. He would 
be less unsettling. He stood above her to one side of the rigid bed. 
       "I'm Matt and I'm going to be your doctor today. I just want you 
to relax okay?"
She nodded, wincing at the movement. 
"Okay."
       She lay back onto the soft pillow.
       "Can you remember what you were doing before you came 
here?" he asked.
"I-I was at the nursery and I was talking to Scarlett and then someone - " 
Louise trailed off.
"Okay that's good enough." the man said quickly. "You're safe here 
Louise. Your parents have been called." 
       She felt saltwater trickle down her cheeks and absent-mindedly 
realised that she was crying.
        "Can you repeat the months of the year in reverse order for me?" 
Matt asked.
She gave him a puzzled look but did as he told her.
       "Good. I'm going to put my finger in front of you and I want you 
to touch it and then the tip of your nose as fast as you can."
"Erm...okay."
       He leant down and held out his finger so it was in front of her 
face. Louise did as told.
       "Well done." he said, withdrawing his hand to write on the 
clipboard.
"What was the point of that little exercise?" she asked as he scribbled.
"Just checking that you don't have a concussion." he explained.
"Do I?"
"No." he replied. "You're fine physically." 
Louise felt anything but fine as she thought back over the day's events.
        "There's someone here to see you." said Matt. She tensed. "He's 
the police detective they've put on your case." 
       The doctor's voice sounded sympathetic, but largely detached 
from the situation. His only concern was with her present condition, not 
that of her past or future. 
       "He can come back later if you want but the sooner he's able to 
interview you the better. Okay?"
She nodded in understanding. 
       Matt left the room and a few minutes later the detective entered. 
He was a relatively short man, with a kind face that had remained, 
amazingly, unmarked over the years despite all he had seen in that time. 
Louise could tell from one look at his eyes that he had seen plenty.
       "Hello." he greeted. "I'm Alfred Jackson but you can call me Fred."
"Hi." she said quietly.
       Everyone was being so friendly. They didn't want her to break 
down.
       "I know you've been through a lot today but I just want to ask a 
few questions and then I'll be on my way."
       He took a seat beside the bed and flipped out a notebook from his 
front pocket. As he moved to sit down, his Scar quickly became apparent. 
Louise gasped in a mixture of shock and awe. The man had a neon tail. It 
curled out from underneath his shirt and was coloured with a clashing 
combination of green and purple. He noticed her expression and promptly 
pushed it behind his back with a sheepish look on his face.
       "Tell me everything you remember." he instructed.
Louise took a deep breath and began to recount the horrific experience.
       "I was sitting by the shed, watching the kids on the climbing frame 
when I realised Scarlett was on her own again. She - she does - did that a 
lot." The tears seemed to run a little faster in anticipation of the tense 
change. "I went over to see if I could get her to play with the other kids 
before we went inside." Louise continued. "I sat with her under the slide 
for a bit and I thought I was getting somewhere. The others started to go 
in so I got up and waited for her to follow but instead someone grabbed 
her."
       Fred looked up from his note taking.
"Did you see who?"
"No. I didn't realise anyone was behind the slide until it was too late."
"What was the person wearing?"
       Her forehead creased in concentration as she tried to remember.
       "Erm...dark jeans, I think?" 
"Did the culprit have any noticeable marks or distinctive features?" he 
questioned.
"You mean Scar." Louise said. "No."
Fred sighed. That made his job a lot harder.
       "Okay. Is there anything else you remember?"
"I don't know." she answered, giving him a brief but irritated look. "I was 
kind of distracted by the huge knife."
"Okay."
       The detective stood up.
       "Wait - he was a black guy. A little darker skinned than you." 
Louise said suddenly.
       Fred paused, tail waving gently. He was painfully aware that his 
skin colour only made his neon Scar more apparent due to the dramatic 
contrast. He tried to refocus his mind on the case and stilled his tail.
       "How do you know?" he questioned.
"He had hands," she replied. "f-for holding the knife."
Fred nodded in understanding.
       "Thank you for your time. If you remember anything else please 
call this number." He plucked a blue card from his trouser pocket and 
passed it to her. "I'll be in touch."
Louise nodded slowly and he left her with her thoughts. 
       She stared at the card in her hands. It was crumpled but all the 
details were clear, not dissimilar to her current mental state. She 
wondered how long it would be until a family member arrived for her. She 
was in desperate need of a visitor; the silence of the room was deafening. 
       She put the card on the desk beside her and buried her head in 
her hands. She could feel a ragged bandage wrapped around her forehead 
but barely registered the fabric as she thought back to the knife. The 
scene kept replaying in her mind and she couldn't seem to rid herself of 
the horrible noise it had made. Thankfully, that was when the door 
opened. 
       "Oh pumpkin." 
       It was her grandmother, which made the most sense given the 
circumstances. Etta hurried towards Louise and enveloped her in a bone 
crushing hug.
        "It's okay, it's over now." she murmured soothingly as her 
granddaughter sobbed uncontrollably onto her shoulder.
       When the pair finally parted there was a distinct stain on the old 
woman's cardigan.
"Sorry about that." Louise sniffed, pointing to it.
Etta shrugged.
"I have plenty more where this came from." 
       There was a brief, awkward silence as the old woman searched 
for a topic to distract them. 
       "The doctor says you can be discharged whenever you're ready. 
Simon would be here but he's at -"
"The convention." Louise finished. "I know."
       Etta repressed a wince at how monotonous Louise sounded. She 
tried again.
       "He wanted to come- "
"I'm sure he did." Louise interrupted, a bitter edge slipping into her voice. 
"Aren't you going to say I told you so?"
Etta sighed.
"Pumpkin, I'm an adult."
Louise smirked.
"You still call me pumpkin." she said.
"Because you clearly aren't an adult just yet." Etta replied. "Now do you 
want to come home or stay in hospital overnight?"
Louise's smirk faded.
"Home."
"Come on then. That doctor of yours has already inputted our portal 
coordinates." 
Etta held out her hand.





















 2


Etta left Louise in her bedroom, staring vacantly at the laptop screen. Her 
fingers skimmed across the keyboard, a slice of pizza lying untouched 
beside the mouse whilst the old woman wearily walked downstairs. As 
she passed each picture hung on the wall depicting family, pets and 
friends; she shook her head. 
       Sometimes Etta missed Elizabeth so badly it felt like a physical 
ache. Although the old woman knew that part of that was down to the 
creakiness of her bones, she also knew that a lot of the pain was present 
because of her wish not to have become the woman's surrogate. Etta had 
been trying her best for the past few years but she knew that she was 
nothing compared to the real deal.
       She finally reached the bottom of the stairs and the phone rang. 
She hoped it was Simon. The old woman wouldn't mind reverting to the 
mental state of a child so she could tell the stubborn man that she had 
told him so. Picking up speed, she hurried towards the phone and grabbed 
it.
       "Hello Ettalia." said a familiar voice.
       She sighed partly in annoyance at not being able to rage at Simon 
but mostly out of relief. Only one person called her by her frustrating full 
name and right now she needed him more than ever.
       "Hello Jeremy." she replied.
"How is she?" he asked.
"As good as can be expected, honey. I want to stay with her but she's not 
going to let me do so willingly." she explained, casting her eyes to the 
stairs.
"Etta you've done all you can for her. She knows we're just a portal 
away."
The old woman's gaze turned to the green portal that coated the door. Its 
glow did look inviting.
       "I suppose Simon will be here in the morning..."
"Come on home." her husband coaxed.
She could hear the smile in his voice. He knew he had her, now he was 
just reeling her in.
       "You sound almost desperate Jeremy." Etta teased.
"Well, the bed's getting cold." he said in a mock disgruntled tone.
She laughed.
"I'm coming honey."
"You'd better be."
       Etta hung up and stepped towards the portal. 
	As she passed through the doorway she closed her eyes, trying to 
preserve the moment of tranquillity at the centre of the storm. She loved 
the sensation of this split second travel. The way the warmth wrapped 
around her was soothing and it felt like she was being bathed in a blanket 
of emerald light. Her husband had told her more than once how there 
was nothing he loved more than to see the utterly relaxed expression that 
was present on her face when she emerged from a portal. She opened her 
eyes and the moment was gone. 
       Etta stood just inside the doorway of her own home. Jeremy was 
waiting for her barely half a metre away from the door. She appraised her 
husband. He was a better actor than she had realised. None of the worry 
he obviously felt had been conveyed on the phone but now they stood 
face to face his expression mirrored every one of her concerns. She knew 
exactly how he felt; his sudden disregard for personal space reminded her 
of how well he understood her. Etta stepped towards him and looped her 
left arm round his back, knowing from experience that stretching it up to 
his shoulder just left her with an aching limb after too long.
       "Wireless?" he suggested.
She nodded and they made their way into the living room. The pair sank 
onto the sofa. Etta pressed a few buttons on her keypad, flicked her wrist 
and her right hand shot across the room to press the appropriate button 
on their radio. It returned in a significantly slower fashion as the music 
started to play. The metal reconnected with the usual click. Etta 
unscrewed her arm and placed it on the table in front of the sofa.
       "How was work?" she asked.
       Jeremy leant one arm on the edge of the sofa.
       "Nothing special. Gary's finally back after that long break. He 
claimed he was off sick. He nearly walked into the door as usual so I told 
him that clothes design obviously wasn't his thing if couldn't see well 
enough to enter my office." Etta chuckled, snuggling against him. Gary 
was her husband's current pet peeve. "But he's an intern, so I suppose he 
has plenty of time to learn better or change his mind." Jeremy admitted. 
       "Kitty also came down to the department and proceeded to tell 
me what I was doing wrong, as usual. It was a fairly boring day all in all." 
he summarised. "How was yours?"
"Asides from this evening, it went well." she informed him. "Benjamin 
needed my help arming a few more products of his latest range."
"Ah Benjamin! I think Gary might've mentioned him in passing." Jeremy 
said in understanding. "Isn't he that young weapon developer?"
Etta nodded.
"He's just started and he's very enthusiastic but he was asking me some 
rather silly questions about how lasers work. He's like Simon in that way I 
suppose, I dread to think what would happen if he ever talked to a 
professional."
Jeremy's eyes met hers. 
"I suppose we'll find out soon."
"Hmm." Etta agreed.
       "Have you phoned him yet?" Jeremy asked.
She sighed.
"I'm trying to put it off."
       There was a brief pause and for a while the pair simply basked in 
the silence. Of course, Jeremy then had to go and spoil it.
	"You're too stressed for your age." he said.
"Jeremy," Etta said in a warning tone. "We've discussed this."
"Not enough." he argued. "You need a break. We need a break - everyone 
else our age is retired! Besides, after this evening I'm pretty sure the 
whole family needs one."
"Jeremy honey, we make up the income of this family." Etta reminded 
him. "You know how little Simon drags in."
"Well maybe if he focused on something he could actually achieve we 
wouldn't have to worry." Jeremy growled.
Etta scowled at her husband and rose from the sofa.
       "Then by all means go ahead! It's high time you were the one 
giving him a prod. Do you want to make the phone call?" she asked.
"Fine!" Jeremy snapped.
"Fine." Etta repeated.
       For a moment they remained in that position, staring at each 
other with intense anger written upon their faces. It didn't last very long. 
Jeremy, as usual, was the first to break. He dropped his gaze.
       "Look at us," he muttered. "how old are we?"
"Judging by that conversation we're definitely young enough to not retire 
yet!" Etta retorted.
He looked back up at his wife.
"I'm sorry -" he said. "- but this is exactly why we should try out a retreat."
       Etta frowned. Jeremy was constantly talking about going away 
somewhere but she'd never considered something as potentially 
mundane as a retreat. When she thought of travel she thought of exotic 
locations in vibrant places, not a countryside walking area in the middle of 
nowhere. On the upside, a retreat would be very peaceful if nothing else.
       "Go on?" she said hesitantly.
Jeremy smiled.
"It would be peaceful. No portals mean no interruptions. We could relax, 
maybe go on a few walks and admire the scenery. Retreats were created 
for people like us."
Etta smiled.
"I'd like that," she said. Her eyes hardened. "but first I have to phone 
Simon."

***

"You don't have to go to school, pumpkin." Etta said as they stood by the 
house portal.
"It's okay," Louise replied. Her grandmother still looked ready to argue. 
"it's better having something else to focus on." the teenager added 
quickly.
 "If you're sure," her grandmother sighed, giving her a forced smile. "but I 
don't like it."
"You don't have to."
       Louise typed the coordinates onto the portal rim and stepped 
through it. The colours around her swirled as they made the curious 
change from green to copper. She was soon out the other side and in 
school, her image appearing on the monitor and ticking off her 
registration as normal. She only gave it a brief glance, there appeared to 
be only the one public message today and she did not want to read it. She 
already knew what it would say.
       Imogen, returning from the school canteen, spotted her friend 
and marched towards her. Now was the perfect opportunity to talk about 
their history teacher.
       "Hey, Lou!" she called but her voice was drowned out by the bell.
       Louise hurried to her first lesson as Imogen scowled at the red, 
prison reminiscent device. She started to follow her friend, glancing 
briefly at the monitor to check for any public messages but instead her 
eyes were captured by the expression on Louise's face. The girl's tired 
eyes were downcast, almost as if they were twinned to her drooping 
shoulders. Her lips seemed to curve almost as low. Not to mention there 
was a large mottled bruise on her forehead. Something was very wrong.

***

Etta reprogrammed the coordinates once her granddaughter had stepped 
through the portal. She then followed, stepping into the workshop 
wearing her usual calm, composed smile. Benjamin was the first person to 
greet her. In fact, he appeared to have been patiently waiting in front of 
the portal for her arrival.
"Hi Miss Inwood!" he chirped.
       Etta didn't know whether she was supposed to be flattered by the 
incorrect address of "Miss" or irritated at the blatant, most likely 
intentional mistake. At least his eyes no longer flickered to her robotic 
arm. He'd been fascinated by it when he first arrived but on the following 
day he'd suddenly and abruptly averted his eyes whenever it, and by 
extension she, was in the room. It had suited Etta fine but had led her to 
wonder if one of the technicians had had a word with him, suggesting in 
rather strong terms to stop staring at a human being like she was an alien. 
Etta was the only female engineer in her current line of work and her 
colleagues had a tendency to be a bit over protective.
       "Hello Benjamin." she greeted, trying to maintain what she hoped 
was a graceful composure.
       Etta still couldn't quite believe the man preferred to go by his full 
name. It did, however, make him easier to distinguish from the other man 
in the department who went by the same name. That was just as well 
considering that the less irritating thirty year old frequently assisted her 
on the more dangerous projects she undertook. She did not want to let 
Benjamin assist her in any area of her work where care was required.
       Ignoring his keen expression, Etta strode past him towards her 
work bench. It was covered in the usual mixture of gear components, 
blueprints and screws. The piles completely covered the company logo. 
She liked to think of her workspace as a motto: you can never be too 
screwed but that doesn't stop you from trying.
       She plonked herself onto the swivelling chair (the only part of her 
work that she never tired of. Most workshops would have stalls or 
nothing to sit on but Kitty had been very specific that she still wanted the 
area to appear relatively modern and fashionable. Nonetheless, it didn't 
prevent the usual rumours that her fiancée had been the one to pay for 
them) and started to peer through the piles of paperwork. There was 
plenty to examine but Etta knew what she was looking for. 
       "I don't know how you find anything on that desk." Benjamin 
commented.
       Etta looked up, the irritation blatant on her face. Sometimes she 
wasn't sure if he was a tactless fool or a villain wearing one.
       "Practise, dear." she replied.
"I could clean it up a bit for you -"
"Thanks but no." Etta said through gritted teeth.
       She continued to sift through the papers until she finally found 
the blueprint she was searching for. It was marked with a small, curved 
arrow in the top right hand corner. She whisked it onto the top of the pile 
and started to read but after a few minutes she gave up. It was rather 
difficult to concentrate with Benjamin still staring at her expectantly.
       "Is there something I can help you with?" she asked.
"A-actually, I was wondering if there was something I could help you 
with?" he said hopefully.
       Etta softened a little. He looked nervous. She couldn't quite get 
over how much the man seemed to idolise her work. At the moment he 
seemed to have nothing of his own to work on. What could she tell him to 
do that would get him out of her way and not into trouble?
       "Could you go see how the engineers are getting on dear?" she 
asked. "The sooner the machines are working, the sooner I can get to 
work. I would do it myself but I have to read through this and complete 
the risk assessment."
"Great! Sure!" Benjamin replied, doing so rather loudly in his enthusiasm. 
He attracted a few unimpressed looks from the work benches around 
him. "Uh - where do I find them?"
"There are plenty of signs." Etta said wearily. "Just head down the stairs 
and it should be obvious."
"Great." he repeated. For a moment he still stood watching her. He tilted 
his head slightly. "Are you okay?"
"Fine!" Etta snapped very unconvincingly.
       Benjamin seemed to get the message and left. She found herself 
accidentally catching the eye of the other Ben, whose work bench wasn't 
far from her own. He gave her a sympathetic smile.
       "Is that the blueprint for the new uniform model?" he asked, 
craning his neck in order to glimpse the schematics.
"So Jeremy tells me." Etta informed him. "Apparently it has a horrible 
colour scheme. He claims that daring fashion is no excuse for clashing 
shades of the same fabric."
Ben shrugged.
"He's the expert."
"Mmm." Etta replied, but she was no longer listening; the blueprint had 
finally caught her full attention. 
       The design was of a mere sleeve but it was covered in labels 
indicating where lasers were to be inserted. Even the Unison logo was full 
of them. She swore softly. 
       "What is it?" asked Ben.
       Etta put down the blueprint and turned her chair to face him 
more directly.
       "Imagine my arm," she said, gesturing at the mechanical limb. 
"exploding."
Ben winced.
"That's one hell of a risk assessment you're going to have to write."
She nodded angrily.
"What will they have us making next! Suits for suicide bombers?" she 
exclaimed.
       As the words left her lips the ground seemed to rumble beneath 
them. Ben looked around the room, exchanging confused glances with his 
co-workers. Etta simply sighed and started to rummage through her pile 
with a slightly bored expression on her face. A deafening bang followed. 
Ben's hands shot to his ears with a grunt of pain. Etta winced in sympathy. 
It couldn't be easy with his Scar. 
       There were a few seconds of silence in the noise's wake as the 
astonished colleagues stared at each other.
"What on the Set was that?" Ben eventually cried, rubbing his ears.
       "Ah!" Etta said triumphantly. "Got you."
       She withdrew a handful of tranquilizer darts with one hand and 
pressed a quick sequence of numbers into her keypad. A small metal plate 
slid back just above her elbow to reveal an empty groove. She passed the 
darts to her left hand and slotted them into her arm one by one. Ben 
gazed at her in a mixture of awe and bewilderment. 
       "Etta - what are you doing?"
She glanced up at him.
"When you've worked here as long as I have dear, you come prepared."
"But -"
       She gave him a weary look tinged with sadness as she slotted the 
final dart into her arm.
       "I fill out risk assessments Ben. This wouldn't be the first terrorist 
attack to hit the building."
       And with that, she headed for the door.
 	As she entered the narrow, cream coloured corridor she glanced 
briefly at the signs. She never normally had to leave the workshop and her 
memory of the area wasn't what it used to be.
        After a brief confirmation of which direction to turn in she 
marched towards the stairs. As she strode down the corridor she passed a 
lift. The old woman noticed the numbers lighting up above the door and 
stopped. Fortunately, it was only someone coming from the floor above. 
At a guess, Etta assumed Jeremy had sent someone down to check what 
was happening downstairs. 
       The doors slid open and a gawky teenager stepped out. Etta 
focused her eyes on his, instead of the boy's rather obvious Scar and 
patiently waited for the doors to close before she began to yell.
       "DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW DANGEROUS THAT WAS?"
"W-what?" the boy stuttered, jumping backwards into the metal.
       Etta took a deep breath to calm herself and began to explain what 
she really thought should be obvious at his age.
       "There was an explosion barely a few minutes ago. You don't 
know what happened and all you know was that it came from downstairs; 
so what do you do? You decide to take the lift!?" she screeched. "For all 
you know a bomb could've gone off in there! How do you know the lift 
wasn't compromised?"
The boy's tense shoulders seemed to relax at her accusation.
"That's why I didn't go down to the bottom floor. I'm walking from here." 
he said proudly.
       Etta groaned. The teenager seemed to be under the pleasant 
illusion that he could do half and half. Life didn't work like that.
       "You must be Gary." she realised.
A shy smile appeared on his face.
"How did you know?"
"My husband's told me about you, dear." she replied.
        The hapless intern was almost Jeremy's equivalent of Benjamin 
except the boy had a better sense of style, apparently. As Etta looked the 
teenager up and down she didn't see it. She decided that if he was going 
to go anywhere in the building he was probably safest staying with her. 
       "Come on."
	The pair walked down the corridor until they found the stairs. 
They began their descent. Etta focused on the thought of a potential 
rescue effort instead of the potential injuries and tried to ignore Gary's 
rather blatant Scar. She wondered how exactly he could talk; her husband 
often expressed similar views on the matter. 
       The further down they went, the smokier the air became. Etta 
didn't care particularly; she just couldn't wait to reach the bottom. Her 
knees could be rather sensitive at times. 
       Soon the floor was in sight, much to her relief, but Gary hung back 
behind her. It took Etta several minutes to realise that he was no longer 
following. She turned on her heel to face him. They didn't have time for 
this.
       "I-is it safe?" 
       Etta grumbled quietly to herself. What a stupid question to ask.
       "No."
       The boy couldn't seem to stop fiddling with his hands.
       "So -" he began. "- why are we doing this?"
The old woman sighed.
"Because no one else is, dear. There are people down there that might 
need our help."
"Couldn't we find out what happened using the security cameras?" Gary 
suggested.
       Maybe he was smarter than Benjamin too. It was a shame the 
idea couldn't be applied.
"They never installed them in the machinery rooms." Etta explained.
"That's convenient." he muttered sarcastically.
 Irritated by his tone, she took a step forwards and stared the boy down.
       "The thing about machines?" she said, her voice dangerously 
quiet. "They take up space. Now, there's not much space left to stand in 
down there and we can't afford to waste any more of it. If you don't want 
to come then by all means, don't follow me dear."
       She turned, toted her right arm and continued onto the final 
floor. Gary gulped, wondering how she managed to maintain such an air 
of menace with the word "dear" tagged onto the end of her sentences. He 
reluctantly followed.
	As Etta stepped onto the main floor she realised that a radio was 
playing. It was set to a channel she did not care for, even if it lightened 
the atmosphere somewhat with its poppy, upbeat tunes. It seemed to 
calm Gary's nerves so she didn't bother to search for the off switch. 
	She raised her hand into the air. She couldn't see it in front of her. 
The smoke was so thick but it was not choking them.
       Gary stepped onto the floor but miraculously managed to trip and 
fall onto the woman. They both staggered forwards.
       "Sorry."
       Etta grunted. There was the infamous clumsiness her husband 
had told her about. She turned her attention back to the smoke and tried 
to judge the distance they had moved based on where the radio music 
was coming from. The answer was not very far, apparently. 
        "Hello?" Etta called out. 
       The room was well lit but the hazy smog prevented her from 
seeing anything asides from the arm that she held out in front of her. She 
could be about to step on a clown for all she knew. 
       "Benjamin?"
Gary glanced at her in surprise at name but she didn't notice as he was 
still standing behind her.
       There was no reply. The room was worryingly absent of life. Etta 
found it unnerving enough being next to a machine that was not making a 
light humming, whirring or alternatively aeroplane level amount of noise 
(those types of machines usually required ear protection). This was 
downright frightening.
	She used her left arm to feel her way around the walls of 
machinery but the only thing she felt in response was a light pressure on 
the back of her cardigan.
       "Gary -" she said, in a warning tone.
"After the lecture you just gave me you think I should get lost down 
here?" he retorted indignantly.
Etta sighed. He did have a point. 
       Suddenly her fingers brushed past a firm rectangular covering. 
She smiled and grasped around for the edge. She lifted up the cover and 
stroked the wall surface underneath with her left hand. She could feel the 
round button. She gave it a quick push and withdrew. Gary, who could 
only feel the fabric of her cardigan moving between his fingers, didn't 
have a clue what was happening.
       "What are you doing?" he asked.
"Turning the extractor fan on dear." Etta responded.
       The familiar whir added an extra layer of sound to the naff music 
and she felt herself spontaneously relaxing although her mind was still 
alert. Machine noise. That was much better.
       The smoke gradually started to clear and Gary released Etta's 
cardigan from his grasp. The old woman admired the patchwork of levers 
and cogs that were embedded in the walls, constantly interwoven with 
metal. They stuck out in monochrome clumps like a collection of large, 
unfinished jigsaws. It was refreshing to be clear of the garish company 
logo which stamped its ownership onto everything in the building. Etta 
smiled. She was never alone when she was in this room, as far as she was 
concerned the machines filled out the seven life processes just fine. They 
breathed: coughing out sawdust as if they smoked it, they were sensitive; 
breaking at the slightest misuse, they grew; constantly being upgraded in 
ways a mere human could only dream of and they reproduced with ease. 
After all, Etta had delivered several of their children, carefully feeding 
them appropriate materials to ensure they functioned properly and 
returning their excrement to the bin. The only element they appeared to 
lack was movement and that could easily change. 
       Etta took a deep, cleansing breath of the clear air. The pair could 
now see the radio. It hung off the rack of goggles beside them via a 
makeshift strap. This part of the floor appeared to be completely empty, 
excluding the huge machines that protruded like a handshake from the 
walls.
       "Hello?" Etta repeated.
"Miss?" groaned a familiar voice.
       She had never been happier to be addressed in such an irritating 
fashion. Etta hurried towards the sound of Benjamin's voice. Gary 
followed, struggling to keep up with the old woman's sudden bout of 
speed as she strode through the metal labyrinth. They squeezed their way 
past a machine that had been detached from the wall. For once, Etta did 
not stop to fiddle with the cabling despite the obvious flaws and breaks in 
several places. She decided that one of the engineers must have been 
working there; although why they had felt the need to drag the machine 
so far from the wall that the passage became near impossible to use was 
beyond her. 
       They continued down the corridor at a fast pace but after only a 
few seconds she came to an abrupt halt. Gary barged into her back and 
the old woman growled. He stuttered an apology but when she didn't 
respond Gary realised that maybe he was not the problem. The teenager 
peered anxiously over her shoulder and gasped. They had found the first 
casualty. 
       A man lay on the floor. His body was no longer human in 
appearance; it was simply a collection of organs that zig zagged through 
his shredded skin. Gary turned away. Etta tried to ignore the sound of his 
retching so she could think calmly about the situation. She stepped over 
the body - first things first.
       "Benjamin, dear where are you?"
"Here." the man said, revealing himself from behind one of the larger 
contraptions.
       There was a large purpling bruise on his forehead but, asides from 
that, he seemed to be in relatively good shape. Etta broadened her 
shoulders and extended the distance between her feet in a brief attempt 
to hide the body. She couldn't let him see. 
       "What happened?" she asked.
"I don't know. I got here and asked the engineers if they'd actually fixed 
anything yet - like you told me to." he explained. Etta hoped that he 
hadn't asked them the question with that precise wording. Benjamin had 
a talent for phrasing simple requests offensively. "One of the guys, I think 
his name was Aaron, said he would tell me where I could stick my answers 
and then there was this sound -" he paused as he recounted the scene. "- 
it was so loud, my ears are still ringing. There was smoke everywhere."
"So in other words your guess is as good as mine." Etta summarised. 
"How did you get that bruise?"
 "Huh?" Benjamin spluttered, looking rather puzzled by the question. She 
nodded in the direction of his forehead and he felt it gingerly. "Ow. Oh. 
The noise - it was like some kind of blast; I think it flung me into the wall."
Etta winced. This place barely had any unoccupied walls. His head had 
most likely come into contact with hard metal.
       "Where are the others?" she asked.
"I-I don't know." For a moment Benjamin looked scared but quickly 
composed himself. "They must've got flung at equipment like me. I mean, 
I was standing next to the fire exit and then bang!" he said, mimicking the 
explosive noise with his hands.
"Wait," she said. "you were by the fire exit?" 
       Benjamin nodded and Etta frowned in response. The fire exit was 
at the far end of the room, if she remembered correctly. The corpse 
behind her must've been far enough from the blast to have not been 
affected by it. That meant that its wounds were the product of something 
else. 
       "Gary!" she called. 
Still retching, the boy came forwards. Benjamin winced in sympathy. It 
was difficult to tell if he was looking at the boy's Scar or his general 
behaviour.
       "Are you okay?"
Gary gave him a slightly irritated look. Surely the answer was obvious?
       "I want you two to start searching for the others. There are six of 
them. Get everyone together and leave the building. I'll meet you all 
outside reception." she instructed, stepping forwards and forgetting for a 
moment about the corpse behind her.
Fortunately both eyes appeared to be trained on her. 
       "What if someone's hurt?" asked Gary.
Etta gave the teenager an approving smile. It was a good question. She 
opened her mouth to reply but Benjamin got there first.
"We can carry them out." he said.
       It was decided. Gary was definitely smarter than Benjamin.
       "If someone's hurt badly don't move them." Etta snapped. "We 
should probably call an ambulance anyways to see to your head." 
       Benjamin nodded in agreement, remaining oblivious to the 
underlying venom in her tone. Gary looked up at the older man, confused 
by his persistent optimism. 
       "Be careful. Don't touch anything except the floor you're walking 
on. We still don't know what caused this." Etta reminded them.
       The group turned the corner but Etta paused as she felt 
something beneath her foot. She froze. On second thoughts, it appeared 
that the floor was no longer safe. She looked down. A rectangular blue 
box sat under her shoe. She sighed in relief and raised her shoe. 
       "Wait a minute, boys."
They turned.
"Oh, that fell with me." Benjamin explained as he set eyes on the object.
       Etta groaned internally. Trust the man to give her the most 
important details last.
       "Gary," she said, as the teenager seemed to have finally 
recovered from his retching fit. "get out your phone."
He readily obliged.
"We should've called the police as soon as that bang went off." he 
muttered.
"Don't call them yet." said Etta as he raised his hand above the keypad.
"What?" the boys chorused.
"Kitty's going to want to see this." 
       Etta knelt down to examine the object in more detail.
       "Why would she care about it?" Gary questioned, completely 
clueless as to the object's purpose.
Benjamin stared at it and realisation suddenly dawned on his face.
"I've read about that!" he exclaimed.
Etta looked up at the pair with a grim expression.
"Uh - is anyone going to fill me in?" Gary asked, glancing from Benjamin 
to Etta.
His hopeful expression was mingled with obvious confusion. Etta picked 
up the box and stood.
       "When Kitty and Mr Fisher first got engaged she decided to create 
an extra floor of Unison and dedicated it to him, dear." the woman 
explained. "As a wedding present." she added.
Gary snorted at the soppy extravagance of the idea.
"And he decided that we should have a new kind of weapon to confuse 
people!" Benjamin continued enthusiastically.
Etta rolled her eyes. Judging by the chronology of his statement it had 
worked, or at least, he didn't know the story well enough. She continued.
       "Fisher decided his floor would work towards helping his old 
troops from the other side of the Set where he grew up. The new floor 
became the series of workshops where I work now dear. The first weapon 
he commissioned was a new type of grenade to disorientate enemies."
"The Danagem bomb!" Benjamin cried excitedly.
"But that's not the only thing wrong with this picture dear." Etta sighed. 
"Look at this corner." she said, pointing to the edge of the rectangle.
"What corner?" Gary asked.
"Exactly. The early models were so faulty they were known to blow parts 
of themselves up, maybe that could help the police find whoever did 
this."
"They could check for fingerprints!" Benjamin exclaimed.
"Yes." Etta agreed. "But knowing our luck so far, what are the chances 
that the bomber was holding the bomb from the missing corner?"
She sighed.
       "So what exactly is a Danagem bomb?" Gary questioned, most of 
Kitty's exploits and by extension her fiancée's, were well publicised. "I 
don't think I've heard of it."
"That's because it was the most unsuccessful project in the company's 
history. The works in progress were extremely dangerous. A member of 
the original series exploded, without prompt and made a hole in the 
workshop ceiling." Etta explained. "Fortunately it was a night time event 
and no one was there was hurt."
Gary gasped. 
"Wow."
       Etta continued, starting to rant.
"The blueprints never could seem to capture the man's "vision"." she said 
scornfully. "Whenever he altered them we had to change the design 
dramatically just to ensure it was functional!" she raised the object so it 
was level with her eyes. "We gave up after the twelfth series - the 
prototype is barely recognisable compared to this model."
       Suddenly and without warning, Benjamin said something 
intelligent.
       "So what's it doing here?"
Etta sighed.
"I don't know. I'm getting too old for this." She turned to the youngest 
member of the room. "Now dear, are you going to call Kitty or not? The 
sooner you do the sooner we can get the police to come."

***

The sky was a delicate lilac, only punctuated by a large paintbrush. It 
seemed to dwindle in the same, already painted, area of canvas, slowly 
going round in circles. Imogen gazed at her artwork but didn't see it. She 
couldn't stop thinking about Louise's devastated expression. It had been 
on her mind for most of the day and on the rare occasions she had 
spotted her friend at lunch and break, it remained unchanged. Louise had 
never stayed put long enough for Imogen to talk to her about her mood 
and managed her mysterious absences with frustrating efficiency. 
	Imogen was brought out of her thoughts by the bell's final ring of 
the day. 
       "Don't forget, I want your coursework in before the weekend!" 
Miss Laddley reminded the students as they started to pack away.
       Imogen placed her paintbrush back in the cup of water and went 
to clean it at the sink alongside a mob of peers. It took her at least five 
minutes to get to a sink and another five to elbow her way back to the 
canvas. As she tidied, she thought about Louise. For the moment that was 
her real concern, not coursework.
	She slung her full bag onto her shoulder and was finally ready to 
leave along with the others, ready to catch up to Louise and talk to her, 
when Miss Laddley spoke.
"Imogen, stay behind please."
       The teenager turned to face her teacher. She had a feeling that 
she knew what was coming. 
       Miss Laddley waited until the pupils had filed out of the classroom 
before beginning her inevitable lecture.
"Imogen you are a great artist. You have so much potential." The teenager 
gave her teacher a shy smile, maybe this wasn't a lecture. "But that 
potential is being wasted doodling away on your canvas." 
       Imogen's smile disappeared. This was the lecture. It was just with 
new material. Sometimes she wondered how much of the teacher's 
telling off repertoire was targeted at her. 
       "I know you can produce masterpieces when you really 
concentrate; your observational sketches have demonstrated that 
marvellously but you are really falling down with this coursework." 
       Imogen avoided her teacher's gaze. She'd heard this lecture so 
many times that she knew it off by heart, rendering it rather ineffective 
when put to use. Unfortunately that didn't prevent the uncomfortable 
feeling she had whenever it was used on her. 
       "You need to focus more. I keep seeing you staring off into space 
and I'm here to tell you that daydreaming will not get the work done. If 
your grades keep slipping at this rate I'm going to have to contact your 
parents." 
       Imogen stared at her fidgeting hands; she needed to catch up 
with Louise before her friend left via the school portal. Miss Laddley's 
tone hardened. 
        "Imogen look at me. Have you listened to a word I've said?"
She glanced up at the teacher and nodded.
"Y-yeah."
"Good because you are running out of chances." the teacher informed 
her. "This is the work that will get graded and if it's not finished in the 
same quality that it's started in then you might as well have not bothered 
in the first place." She sighed as the teenager's gaze returned to her 
hands. "Imogen is there something going on at home that I should know 
about?"
"What? No!" the teenager replied, voluntarily making eye contact for the 
first time in the conversation.
Miss Laddley's eyes were sympathetic.
       "I know that it must be very difficult with your brother -"
"He's got nothing to do with this." Imogen replied firmly, her irritation 
fuelling confidence. "Can I go now?"
       The teacher looked slightly put out but replied nonetheless.
"Yes," she confirmed. "but if I catch you staring into space tomorrow I will 
be phoning your mother!" she reminded as Imogen raced out of the 
classroom.
       The teenager darted past the canteen and into the main entrance 
corridor. Unfortunately, it appeared to be empty.  Glancing at the large 
school clock that hung above the portal, she realised why. Imogen had 
been stood, listening to her teacher rant at her, for a whole fifteen 
minutes after the bell. Her indignation helped her to avoid the thought of 
the upcoming coursework deadline. She shook her head and walked 
towards the portal. 
       Imogen checked the portal's coordinates. They were set to no 
specific area so she walked through it, stepping just outside the school 
building. She lived so close to the place that there was little point in taking 
the family portal to school. Her parents were determined to make her 
exercise as much as possible anyways; despite the fact that she didn't 
think she could physically be any thinner. Then again, she supposed it 
made sense since her father consistently placed all the emphasis on 
building muscle.
       Imogen started to walk, knowing that if she hung around outside 
the portal for too long there was a real danger that someone could rush 
out at high speed and knock her flat on the ground. It had happened a 
week before; the boy had been running because he was late for a dentist 
appointment. It had not been a pleasant experience.
	She glanced up at the sky. It was getting dark already. She 
quickened her pace to a brisk march; Imogen hated winter with a passion. 
       As she lowered her gaze, she spotted a pair of familiar shoes 
ambling into the distance.
       "Lou!" she yelled, starting to run. "LOU!"
       Finally the girl turned around. Imogen skidded to a stop beside 
her friend, panting. Maybe her parents were right about more regular 
exercise.
       "Hey." Louise greeted, with an expression of bemusement on her 
face.
Imogen held up a finger and Louise patiently waited for the teenager to 
recover her breath.
       "I thought you'd have plugged in your coordinates or something if 
you missed the crush of rush hour." Imogen replied, when she felt she 
was able to speak.
Louise shook her head.
"No. I just - need some time to think."
Imogen frowned at the sad glimmer in her friend's eyes.
"I know something is wrong." she stated.
Louise opened her mouth to protest.
"Immi -" 
"I know. You've been avoiding me all day." Imogen interrupted.
       In a fit of uncharacteristic shyness, Louise suddenly found her 
shoes fascinating. Imogen sighed. 
       "Do you want to come round?"
Her friend looked up.
"I-I don't want to get in the way of any -"
       Imogen rolled her eyes. This was a role reversal of epic 
proportions. Typically, she was the one staring at the ground stuttering, 
although that usually took place in front of teachers when she wasn't busy 
daydreaming.
       "Shut up, of course you do! It never bothered you when you were 
six. You are still the most stubborn, confident person I know, so I don't get 
why you're deciding to be polite now." 
Despite herself, Louise smiled. Imogen returned it. Result. 
"Besides, it's not a question."
       They continued to walk in silence. Eventually Louise spoke.
	"I like winter."
"Really?" Imogen replied dubiously.
"Really. It makes the stars come out faster." 
       Imogen glanced up at the sky and sure enough it was covered in 
the rainbows of distant, glimmering galaxies. As the sky darkened their 
glow was enhanced. She looked at her friend, whose gaze remained fixed 
on the heavens and took her hand. If she wasn't careful, Louise would 
walk straight into a lamp post. 
       "When I was little," the teenager continued. "I used to wish I 
could become part of the sky." she smiled and then added, "The closest I 
got was camouflage."
"I remember." said Imogen. "You were always up on Settling Hill, wearing 
your cloak."
       They both smiled in nostalgia. Louise had adored that cloak. It was 
a velvety purple on one side and deep blue on the other to match the 
time of day or night. She'd nearly tripped over it several times because 
her mother hadn't expected her to be so keen to wear it at such a young 
age. Now she thought about it, she realised that the cloak would probably 
fit her fine now.
	With her eyes fixed on the sky and the gentle tug of Imogen's 
hand steering her; Louise didn't realise they'd arrived at her friend's 
house until Imogen's grip left hers. She found herself staring into a swirl of 
vibrant green. Startled, she sped through the portal and emerged to find 
her friend loudly bickering with her brother. Already. It never seemed to 
take long. 
       Louise took her shoes off as Imogen had already done, edged past 
the pair towards the table and took a seat on the faded tablecloth. She 
waited patiently. She always found it amusing to watch her usually quiet 
friend loudly and effectively argue her point; plus Louise really needed a 
distraction from the thoughts currently running through her head.
       "You could have told me you'd be having someone round!" 
Imogen's brother exclaimed.
She groaned.
"I did tell you."
"Three seconds before she passed through the portal!" he cried. "I had 
three seconds to put my helmet back on!"
       On hearing these words, Louise's eyes darted to his helmet. It was 
a dark red to match his skin tight clothing and was sleek in appearance, 
shaped to fit his face accurately. The Unison logo flashed across the top of 
it. He never seemed to wear anything else. Louise often wondered what 
his face looked like now; there were no pictures of him in the house 
above the age of seventeen. He was currently nineteen. 
	Occasionally Louise wondered what his Scar was. The most she 
knew was that it had seriously impacted his work as an apprentice but she 
had never been curious enough to ask about it in more depth. Scars were 
private affairs. If you had one it was your choice to share it, not anyone 
else's. That was the whole point of Unison - they catered for your 
individual issues, covering the Scar up with appropriate fashion. Louise 
felt a sudden pang of guilt for the way she had treated her history teacher 
the day before.
       "Damien, you're not dad." Imogen pointed out in a 
condescending tone.
"Well he's not home yet - so tough!" 
She rested her hands on her hips.
"How old are you?"
"Old enough to be in charge." Damien retorted.
"Oh yeah?" Imogen sneered. "What's seventy six times forty two?"
       Louise could see, by looking through the visor section of the 
teenager's helmet, that he was confused.
       "Erm..."
Imogen folded her arms.
"Three thousand, one hundred and ninety two." she recited.
Damien's eyes narrowed in suspicion.
"How do I know that's the right answer?"
Imogen shrugged.
"Get a calculator and see for yourself."
       His look of confusion turned to an outright glare.
       "You know most adults can't answer that question off the top of 
their heads!" he said accusingly.
"So?"
"So sister," Damien replied, bending down to look her in the eye. "you're 
freeeeaky!" he teased, fluttering his fingers in her face as if he were a 
magician.
       Imogen reared her head back and scowled as her brother 
returned to his full height. He looked very satisfied with the result.
       "Look who's talking!" she snapped and the smug expression on 
his face returned to a glare. "At least I don't attract -"
A yell from the kitchen interrupted the pair. Louise assumed that the 
voice belonged to Mrs Reed.
"Will you two grow up?!"
"NO!" they chorused.
All anger forgotten in their brief moment of unity, Damien glanced at his 
sister.
"Seriously, don't grow up. It doesn't do you any favours."
She frowned at his suddenly solemn tone. Imogen was better at dealing 
with her brother when they were arguing. She abruptly changed the 
subject.
	"I'm going to need some bedroom privacy." she said. "If you even 
understand the concept." she muttered.
       Damien quickly recognised her change of tone and raised a hand 
to his ear mockingly.
"Sorry what was that p word? I thought you said propinquity."
Imogen frowned.
"What does that even mean?"
He smirked.
"Nearness of relation ie: kinship."
Imogen laughed.
"Aw has lickle Damien been reading the dictionary again?" she said, doing 
her very best to mimic a primary school teacher's tone. She glanced at 
Louise. "He only has a mental age of ten; he doesn't know any better." 
       Louise smiled and Imogen internally congratulated herself. 
However the action did remind her of why she'd brought her friend along 
in the first place. Her tone changed from teasing to declarative.
	"We need my bedroom to talk." She stared at her brother 
meaningfully, trying to communicate the message through her eyes as 
best as she could, in order to maintain her friend's confidentiality. Damien 
simply looked confused. She groaned and voiced her thoughts. "I need 
some time alone with Lou so I can help her figure stuff out."
       For the first time since their arrival, Damien glanced at Louise. 
Surprisingly that was where his eyes remained, not flitting up to her 
forehead bruise like so many others had done that day. Louise met them 
unflinchingly.
       "Okay." he said simply. "I have to get some stuff done anyways."
       And with that, he headed upstairs towards his own bedroom. 
Imogen turned to Louise, a shocked expression on her face.
       "Wow. That was easy." She frowned and then said in a genuinely 
serious tone, "Perhaps - too easy." She thought about it carefully for a few 
seconds and then changed tack. "Come on; let's get to my bedroom 
before he changes his mind."
       She grabbed Louise's arm, dragged her off of the table, 
miraculously avoiding the removal of the table cloth and pulled her 
upstairs. She stopped outside the first door on the right and opened it for 
her friend. Louise walked into the room as Imogen flicked the light switch, 
admiring the lilac that seemed to currently surround her. Imogen closed 
the door and joined Louise by her bed; it was the only part of the room 
that wasn't some shade of purple. Instead it was pure white. The only hint 
of colour on it was the duvet, which was decorated with the image of a 
lone hill. Louise instantly recognised it. The picture was of the iconic 
Settling Hill: where the colonies had first arrived and where the Unison 
building now stood. It was symbol of the Set's foundations and was the 
main site that brought in the tourists. That was pretty much all Louise 
understood of Set history and she doubted she would learn much more 
with Mr Renning leading lessons.
       Imogen patted the space beside her and Louise sat down on the 
cover. She decided to get straight to the matter at hand.
"What happened?" she asked.
 Louise was silent. Imogen waited for a response but instead of a verbal 
explanation, much to her surprise, her friend burst into tears. She moved 
forwards to hug her. Imogen wondered what memory could incite such a 
reaction as Louise shook in her arms. 
       After a while the sobbing seemed to lessen and Imogen withdrew. 
       "You can tell me when you're ready." she said, wanting to know 
now more than ever why her friend was so upset. 
       At first she thought Louise wasn't going to say anything, but then 
she took a few calming breaths and spoke.
       "Yesterday I went to volunteering and a kid got stabbed."
Imogen gasped.
"Oh my god. Did you see who -"
"No. Whoever it was, was standing behind the slide. I was on the other 
side. Judging by his hands he was black but that was literally all I could 
figure out before he pushed the slide onto me. I guess he was pretty fit to 
be able to do that."
"God." Imogen breathed. "So that's how -" she began, eyes flitting to her 
friend's forehead.
"Yeah."
Unsure of what else to say, Imogen simply gasped again.
"Wow."
       Louise continued her explanation, unable to stop now that she 
had started.
       "They've given me the rest of the week off, at the very least. 
Michelle phoned me this morning and told me I could stay off for a month 
if I wanted, she didn't sound too great."
Imogen placed her hands in her lap.
"I'm surprised the place is still open. What are you going to do?"
"A week is enough." Louise replied firmly. "The longer I stay away the 
more I'll fear coming back."
"Speaking of coming back, what about your dad? Is he coming home 
now?" Imogen asked, remembering her friend telling her about her 
father's excitement over the idea of attending the convention.
Louise's tear stained face hardened.
"He can't."
"Wait - what?" Imogen said in disbelief. 
"You know how Airportals work." Louise reminded bitterly. "He physically 
can't come back yet."
"That just means that he isn't trying hard enough!" Imogen cried. "There's 
more than one Airportal he could use. I don't care how long it takes him 
to get to the damn thing; he should get to it or so help me I will go and 
drag him back here!"
Louise eyed her friend in curious amusement, a tease of a smile lingering 
at her lips.
"Are you done?"
Imogen took a deep breath to calm herself.
"I think so. But I mean - really! That's such bad parenting!"
Louise shrugged.
"I've got Gramma."
"She shouldn't have to stand in for both of your parents!"
Louise gave Imogen a stern look.
"She's good at what she does."
       There was an awkward silence. Louise remained rock still, her 
stare set in stone as Imogen fidgeted.
       "So, how was your yesterday?" Louise asked finally, in an attempt 
to break the tension.
Imogen knew this needed more than the usual one word answer. 
       "Well, it started off well enough -" she said and began to ramble 
about her day, hoping desperately that it would defuse the uncomfortable 
tension that had developed between them. Her story was not particularly 
interesting or long and they both knew it but at least it provided a 
pleasant distraction. "- and then you were there for the whole thing with 
Greg -"
       Louise looked at her friend quizzically.
"Greg?"
"Mr Renning." Imogen elaborated.
Louise frowned.
"You know him?"
Imogen gave her a small, reluctant nod. She hadn't intended to tell her 
that.
       "He's my uncle." she added.
"Why didn't you say anything? I need to apologise to him." Louise sighed.
"Yeah." Imogen quietly agreed. 
       Suddenly a new thought occurred to her and a smile crossed her 
face. 
       "You should stay for dinner."
"I don't know Immi," Louise replied. "Gramma will wonder where I am if 
I'm not home soon."
"So text her then. Mum's doing pizza." Imogen told her teasingly, knowing 
that pizza was one of the few things her friend couldn't resist.
Louise flipped out her phone instantly. 
"Fine. I'll stay."
"Great!" Imogen exclaimed. "I'm guessing you want pepperoni, I'll go tell 
mum."
       She promptly stood and left the room. For a few minutes Louise 
remained sat on the bed but she eventually decided that she should go 
downstairs after her friend. It was lonely in the bedroom even for such a 
short time and that was the last emotion she wanted to feel. 
       She stood, approached the door and opened it. As her hand 
grasped the doorknob she frowned. There was something strange about 
the quality of the metal. It felt smooth, almost rubbery in her fingers. 
Louise decided to ignore it and stepped out into the corridor. 
       As she did so, Damien seemed to simultaneously step out of his 
room carrying a large block of wood. He no longer wore his helmet; it was 
tucked under his arm instead. Louise couldn't help but stare. His face had 
not changed much since she'd last set eyes on it and, considering that the 
last time she had done so was a couple of years ago, that was saying 
something. 
       He was just as attractive as she remembered. His blue eyes were 
deep set above his high cheekbones but her gaze was instantly drawn to 
his dark hair. It was like trampled grass minus the colouring, although 
Imogen had whispered stories to her when they were younger of her 
brother genuinely considering dying his hair such a repulsive colour. That 
had been back when Imogen was young enough to openly trust her older 
sibling. It seemed like an alien concept now, as did the state of Damien's 
hair. Louise guessed that it was due to his constant helmet wearing. It 
really was quite a bizarre result. 
       Tufts of it spiked up in different directions in such an extreme 
manner that Louise felt a little like she'd set her eyes on a cartoon 
character. As he set his eyes on her his expression turned to one of panic. 
Louise felt a little upset at his reaction. Then she noticed the sharp 
tugging in her own hair. She winced and reached up to find the source.
       "Don't -" he warned but it was too late.
       Her fingers rested on the metal of the large hair clip that held her 
blonde locks above her head. Before she could even press down to 
remove it, the clasp released itself and the small hair ornament flew 
through the air. Bizarrely, it appeared to direct itself straight at Damien's 
face. He let out a yelp of pain as it connected with his skin and dropped 
the wood. Louise let out her own yelp, one of surprise, and dashed 
towards him. He lifted a hand and grabbed the hair clip. With some effort 
he tried to pull the metal back from his cheek although he had to use his 
other gloved hand as well to have any success.
	"Louise, I want you to have a look in my pocket." he said, panting 
at the effort of holding the metal back. "There's a roll of something that 
looks like cling film in there. I want you to wrap a piece around your hair 
clip, okay?"
       She nodded and reached down towards his torso pocket. She 
hesitated.
       "Left or right?" she asked.
"Right." Damien confirmed. "My right." he added.
       She fumbled around in the fabric which, again, felt unnaturally 
smooth and rubbery, almost like the door handle. When her fingers finally 
grasped the roll of film it felt so similar that she almost thought it was part 
of the pocket. She drew it out, ripped off a small piece and wrapped it 
around her hairclip as Damien held it out. This was easier said than done 
seeing as the metal was trying its hardest to reattach itself to his face. 
       Finally the clip was fully covered in dodgy wrapping and seemed 
to stop moving. As it rested in her hand the cling film seemed to vacuum 
form to the shape of the object. Louise stared at it in surprise and then 
glanced up at Damien's slightly out of breath face. Now she understood. 
He was magnetic. That was his Scar.
       "God you're bleeding!" she realised. 
The hair clip had left a rather large scrape on his cheek as he'd tried to 
pull it off and a bruise was promptly forming around it due to the force of 
the clip's impact. The gash had not initially been very large but in his 
effort to remove the clip, it had grown in size. 
       "I'm sorry." she apologised.
He bent down to pick up the wood.
"You didn't know." he reassured as he returned to his full height. He gave 
her a small smile. "I should be thankful that you weren't wearing a belt."
       Guiltily, Louise wondered if someone had worn a belt in his 
presence before. Such a mark would be difficult to explain away. Unable 
to fight her curiosity, she couldn't help but ask about the Scar. 
"How did you find out -" she began.
"That's it not just my personality that attracts?" he finished, 
accompanying the question with a cheesy grin to cover up his shaken 
composure. Louise tried very hard not to smile at the terrible pun. "The 
same way most people do - on my eighteenth birthday."
Louise nodded.
"Oh?"
       She waited patiently. That was the obvious part but everyone had 
a story to tell.
       "My birth took place in the evening so we had a late family 
dinner." he explained. "I think they were trying to support me but it just 
made me feel even more like a ticking time bomb. I kept on catching them 
looking at me when they thought I couldn't see. Imogen wasn't even 
bothering to be discreet. 
       "We'd just got onto pudding when my birth time struck. For a 
minute nothing happened. Then my dessert spoon tried to eat me." 
       Louise winced.
        "Yeah." he continued. "That wasn't the only metal thing in the 
room." 
       Damien looked a little uncomfortable.
        "I have a magnetic field radius of approximately two metres so 
I'm also lucky that you're wearing nothing with a zip on. The first few 
weeks getting used to my Scar were difficult, even now I still make stupid 
mistakes and the zip thing is one of the more awkward ones."
       Louise raised an eyebrow. Damien promptly returned to his 
original topic.
       "Everybody's spoons wanted to be in my gullet and they weren't 
afraid to show it. Fortunately my sister - ever prepared - had Unison's 
emergency appointment number on speed dial and the next thing I knew I 
was being shoved through a portal into an empty room."
"How long did you stay there for?" Louise asked.
"For as long as it took them to come up with a solution." he replied. "They 
couldn't even use a gaussmeter to measure how strong my field was 
because every time the instrument got within two metres of me it just 
whacked into my head." he said glancing down at the roll. "I still don't 
really understand this stuff but it works and it's very hard to tear."
       Louise found herself looking over his skin tight outfit once more 
but for once she wasn't checking out his noticeable figure.
       "Is that what your helmet and clothes are made out of?" she 
asked.
"Yeah. I always feel stupid wearing this body suit but it covers up my skin 
and mutes the field somehow. It's rock hard to prevent ripping but 
somehow still flexible enough to wear." He smiled. "I have also been 
personally informed by Kitty that it's 'totally trendy'."
       Louise laughed. According to her grandfather that was typical of 
the woman but the teenager's expression became serious as she thought 
of a more sobering question.
       "What about your work?"
       Avoiding metal was bound to be difficult, no matter what you did 
for a living.
       "Bob's been great." Damien sighed. "He's been really patient even 
when I've been losing it. I guess he knows what it's like, although probably 
not to my extreme. It's different for everyone." 
"Wait, you work for the DIY Guy?" Louise asked; Bob's one man business 
was known throughout town for doing virtually anything that was 
practical, legal and could be paid for.
       She'd heard that the majority of his jobs involved plumbing or 
putting up shelves, although many people were not afraid to vouch for his 
professional medical skills. The man had a smorgasbord of qualifications, 
apparently. 
       Damien nodded.
"I should probably be getting down there."
"Okay." Louise agreed, stepping out of his way but he didn't move.
       "Are you alright?" he asked.
"Huh?" she replied, surprised by the sudden line of questioning.
He had just explained his Scar to her and yet he was asking if she was 
alright?
       "You're not fine if my sister wants to talk some sense into you." 
he stated. Louise simply stood, feeling uncomfortably transparent. 
"Whatever it is may seem pretty nasty now but it'll work itself out in the 
end." Damien told her. His hand went to the brush the scratch on his 
cheek in an absent minded fashion. "You'll deal. It'll just take time."
       He placed the block of wood between his legs and went to put his 
helmet on. Louise wished he didn't have to, it was so nice to see his eyes 
without the addition of a visor but now she knew for certain that it could 
not be helped. His helmet was more than a precaution, it was a shield. 
       He retrieved the wood and set off down the stairs. She stared 
after him.
       "Thanks." Louise said quietly.

















 3


His arm stretched around the body of the machine, holding down the 
material with firm precision as the thread curled its way through the 
fabric. Jeremy smiled, released the pedal and sat back to admire his 
handiwork. Call him old fashioned but he preferred to use the previous 
version of the sewing machine model. The more recent version had too 
many bells and whistles for him to understand, although apparently Gary 
found the machine easy to manipulate. 
       Jeremy would never admit it to anyone else but he had to 
appreciate the boy's skills. Whilst his clumsiness was irritating, the teen 
did seem to know what he was doing. Coupled with a little intelligence 
and common sense there was a chance that he could actually progress in 
this field of work - if only the intern could prevent himself from 
frequently dropping products, walking into them and even (in one specific 
case) walking onto them. 
	Jeremy removed his hands, pressed the small red button to the 
right of the machine arm and a smooth, serrated blade sliced away the 
finish. There was a high pitched hum that he knew he'd soon be too old to 
hear anymore. The smell of singed toast followed. If he could be bothered 
to look closely he knew he would see the tiny laser beam melting the 
thread into a fine pool, sealing up the close of the join. He grabbed a post-
it from the desk corner, wrote the time down and attached the note to 
the sewing machine. It clearly read: 
WARNING: HOT
4:45 - DON'T TOUCH UNTIL 5PM
       Satisfied, he leaned back into his chair. Part of him wondered 
where Gary had got to. Yesterday the boy had been working on a 
complicated design that involved a surprising amount of glass. Jeremy had 
decided it would make a good challenge for the intern but promptly 
regretted the idea. Gary could handle fabric but glass was a whole 
different game that he was extremely inexperienced at playing. Jeremy 
had lost count of the amount of times the teenager had nearly sliced his 
hand off or up enough to need stitches. Eventually he'd admitted that 
giving the boy such a responsibility was dangerous for his wellbeing, given 
the teenager's natural clumsiness. In the end he gave Gary smaller pieces 
of glass so he'd be less likely to damage himself. Shortly afterwards the 
intern had left and had been missing for almost the entire hour. He 
tended to do that and normally it wasn't a problem as the work still got 
done to a decent quality. Jeremy had assumed that he'd left in a strop. 
However, today the intern had little reason for one. Or at least, no reason 
that came to mind.
       Jeremy's hand hovered over the company phone as he considered 
calling Etta to check if she had seen the boy but decided against it. 
Coincidentally, it was then that was Gary reappeared at the office door. 
       This time he managed to enter without walking into the wall 
although his dark face had paled enough to almost match it in colour. 
       Jeremy pushed off from the desk and his chair skidded across the 
polished floor. He shared his wife's love for the company swivel chairs. He 
always argued that there were some things you could never lose sight of, 
such as the joy of a good swivel.
       "Where have you been?" he snapped. 
"Y-you told me to check out the bang? See if everyone was okay?" Gary 
reminded.
"Oh. Did I? Well, what was the bang? I assume we don't have to worry too 
much seeing as -" Jeremy trailed off. The words he was saying were 
having very little effect on the teen's scared expression. "Gary?" he asked. 
"Are you alright?"
The boy seemed to snap out of it.
"Yeah sorry. Just, thinking."
Jeremy frowned.
"What happened downstairs?" he asked.
Gary sighed.
"It was a bomb."
       Jeremy sat up straight at this news.
       "How widespread was the blast? Was anyone hurt?"
Gary gave the old man a small smile.
"Your wife's fine." Jeremy allowed himself to relax a bit as the teenager 
elaborated. "It went off in a - err - machine-y room." 
       Jeremy would've smirked at the lack of technical vocabulary had 
he not been so busy worrying about the potential threat that now lay 
directly beneath his feet. It was no wonder the blast had seemed so loud. 
       "There's an ambulance outside reception. Nearly everyone is 
physically okay," Gary continued. "just a bit scared and bruised."
Jeremy's eyes widened in shock. He leant forward.
"Nearly?"
Gary swallowed.
"Mr Pilford is dead." Jeremy froze in his chair. "The police have been here 
for a little while and they think it's murder."
"But a bomb went off!" Jeremy exclaimed. "That's terrorism - what 
makes them think it was so specific?!"
Gary swallowed. He looked slightly ill.
       "His body was mutilated. He was too far from the blast to be 
affected. Someone had - had come inside and done it deliberately. 
Whoever that person was, he or she must work here."
       Jeremy pressed a hand to his forehead. He was getting too old for 
this.
       "How much of what you just said came from Etta's mouth?"
"Etta?" the boy repeated, looking faintly puzzled. "You mean your wife?"
"Who else would I mean? She's the only female member of staff 
downstairs!" Jeremy snapped.
Gary seemed to shrink at the force of his words and focused on answering 
the question.
"A-all of it." he replied.
"Okay." Jeremy sighed. 
       He kicked off against the shockingly colourful carpet in order to 
reach back to his desk. The chair glided smoothly across the floor. He 
pulled a laminated copy of a finished design from the drawer and 
beckoned to Gary. The teenager warily came over and accepted the sheet. 
       "I want you to get to work making this." the old man instructed.
"What is it?" the intern asked.
"Believe it or not, that's a boot." Jeremy told him. "We have a client 
whose foot was recently misshapen in their Scarring. The brief was to 
provide her leg with better support."
       Gary tilted his head to one side as he tried to connect the image 
of the design with that of the stereotypical boot he knew.
       "O-kay." he replied.
 "Get on with it. Kitty's going to be coming here and I reckon it'll be 
sooner rather than later."
"Uh - actually she's downstairs at the moment." Gary informed.
"She won't be for long." Jeremy noted grimly. "Battle stations."
The intern nodded, turned and promptly tripped over the vibrant carpet. 
The design fell onto the floor beside him. Jeremy sighed in irritation as the 
boy sheepishly grabbed it, righted himself and headed towards the 
nearest modern, unused sewing machine, only pausing to collect a box of 
fabrics to sift through. Jeremy pushed off from his desk once again, this 
time so he had a window seat. He wanted to be able to spot Kitty before 
she saw him. He waited patiently.
       After ten minutes the sound of her clunking high heels quickly 
became apparent. Soon her long, skinny legs were visible. It was hard not 
to notice them due to the almost invisible miniskirt she wore. Jeremy 
sighed. He knew that particular style was popular; he just didn't see how 
it was attractive. Then again, maybe on someone he didn't loathe he 
would appreciate it more.
       Soon the rest of her body came into view as the appearance of 
her legs were shortly followed by her torso, neck and head. Jeremy waited 
until he could see her expression. Finally, it became clear to analyse. The 
look on her face was a mixture of anger and worry. Her eyes seemed to be 
examining his office in detail. He moved his chair to one side of the 
window so she wouldn't notice him watching. Jeremy's eyes strayed 
briefly to the side of her head where her left ear should be. 
       Despite the many years he had worked at Unison he often found 
his eyes wandering absent-mindedly to his boss' Scar. He knew that it was 
a bad habit. He abruptly averted his eyes and started a silent count down 
from five. As he got to zero she flung the door to the office open.
       "Let's see the designs." she announced.
       Jeremy nodded and stood up from his chair to gather the finished 
designs from his desk drawer. She stood impatiently, foot tapping as he 
retrieved the work. He handed them to her and her eyes flitted from him 
to the detailed drawings. She skimmed through them like a deck of cards, 
eyes roving as she searched for some detail to pick out and make an 
example of. Jeremy smirked. As far as he could remember, this was the 
longest she'd ever gone without criticising something. Finally she handed 
the designs back, looking mildly disappointed that she'd been unable to 
spot any errors.
        "Have you got any finished pieces?" she asked.
"We've got a few works in progress." Jeremy replied, checking the time 
briefly before leading her over to his sewing machine. 
       He yanked the post-it note off of the surface and gently pulled the 
sealed fabric away from the machine's foot. The red button had already 
done most of the separation for him; all he had to do was physically 
remove it. Kitty snatched the sample material from his hand and stared at 
it quizzically.
"You call this progress?" she said. "This pathetic scrap?"
"Gary over there is working on a fuller piece if that's what you're looking 
for." Jeremy told her, nodding in the teenager's direction.
"Let me get this straight: you've got the intern doing the real work whilst 
you just make bits of designs?"
Jeremy sighed.
"Someone has to test that the materials chosen are suitable."
Kitty's eyes narrowed.
"I thought you said those were the finished designs." 
        Jeremy repressed the urge to roll his eyes. Now she was just nit 
picking. 
       "They are. The thing I'm working on now isn't. If you want to see a 
boot's manufacture in process then go over to watch Gary." he said, 
sincerely hoping that she wouldn't.
He didn't know if Gary could handle that kind of pressure. She glared at 
him.
       "Fortunately for you Mr Inwood, I have far more important things 
to be doing." Kitty replied.
She gave the floor a tell-tale glance which gave away any hidden meaning 
that remained in her visit. She was checking for a hole in the floor.
       "What was the noise earlier?" Jeremy asked. "Gary tells me it was 
a bomb."
"Gary," she replied, raising her voice. "should learn to keep his mouth 
shut. You think it'd be easy for someone like him wouldn't you?"
       The teenager's shoulders seemed to hunch further into his work. 
Jeremy scowled. That was just plain rude.
       "I think a terrorist might be a bigger problem than a disobedient 
intern." he said.
"It's not a terrorist!" Kitty snapped. 
Jeremy raised an eyebrow. 
"Just a bog standard murderer then. How boring." he said, the sarcasm 
dripping from his voice.
Kitty placed one hand on her hip.
"Not just bog standard. Whoever did it is an ex-colleague. They may even 
still work here which is exactly why I can't go blurting out bomb details to 
a potential suspect!"
Jeremy nodded.
       "Fair enough." said Jeremy. He could tell she wasn't going to give 
him any further information. "Now if you'll excuse me I have a lot of work 
to be doing."
Kitty opened her mouth and then shut it. It looked like she had wanted to 
tell him the same thing. 
       "Good because I have to talk to Mark." she said eventually.
       Kitty stormed towards the door in style, as usual. Sometimes he 
really wondered how she could handle such high heeled shoes without 
tripping over like Gary did so frequently.
       "Have fun with Mr Fisher." Jeremy muttered, knowing she 
wouldn't hear him due to her missing ear.
       Kitty slammed the door behind her. Gary's sigh became audible 
from the other side of the room.
"Couldn't she just close it? You know, like a normal person? Just once?" 
he said.
       Jeremy chuckled. There was the evidence that the boy was still an 
intern. He wasn't accustomed to the woman's entrances and exits yet.
       "She likes to make her exits dramatic whether she does so 
consciously or not." 
       "I could probably tell you more about what happened downstairs 
than she could." Gary muttered.
Jeremy pulled his chair towards the boy.
"Then by all means do."

***

Damien strolled into the shop. Well, he thought shop but he meant office. 
Bob's business was so informal that nobody ever thought of the place in 
such a way, despite the man's numerous qualifications. Bob liked to have 
his certificates on the bulletin board across from the desk to prove to 
people, as if they needed convincing, that he could get the job done. 
Every so often new certificates would appear on display. The man liked to 
keep busy but today the office seemed oddly quiet. 
       "Hello?" Damien called, placing the block of wood down on the 
counter.
Silence. He peered into the large, garage-reminiscent back room but 
nobody was there. He shrugged. He knew what he had to do with the 
wood anyways. 
       Damien reached for the phone but it rang before he could touch 
it. He jumped and then laughed at himself. It was just a phone, not his 
non-existent sixth sense. His hand ventured forwards again and he picked 
it up.
       "Hello, DIY Guy's assistant here, how can I help you?" he asked, in 
a chirpy tone.
"Is Mr Pilford there?" an unfamiliar voice asked.
"No, I think he's out at the moment." Damien replied. "He was meant to 
meet me roundabout this time but I think he's forgotten."
       The stranger let out a long, saddened sigh.
"Could you come to the police station please?"
Damien's eyes widened.
"Why? What's going on? Has something happened?" he asked quickly, the 
sentences strung together in a barely understandable fashion.
"I think it would be better if we told you in person." the man replied.
       Whoever the stranger was, he seemed to be versed in barely 
coherent babble as far as the teenager was concerned. Damien needed 
context. The lack of it made him tense up. That was never a good sign.
       "Fuck that, I'm listening now." he snapped, desperation taking 
over his helpful customer persona.
"There's no need to be rude Mr Reed."
Damien's eyes narrowed.
"How do you know -"
"We're currently contacting your mentor's family." the stranger 
interrupted. "We think Mr Pilford died this afternoon."
"You think?"
"Your answer just confirmed the timing."
       Damien sank into his chair.
"Oh my god." he said, his voice shaky. "W-what happened?"
"A bomb went off at Unison." the stranger informed him. "It seemed to 
specifically target the floor Mr Pilford was working on."
"How-how could you even identify the body then?" Damien asked, feeling 
sick at the thought of his mentor's remains spread across the company.
"Nobody else was badly hurt. The bomb served as a distraction whilst the 
murderer crept in to kill and mutilate him, specifically. He was the only 
engineer who was missing from the room. I'm sorry for your loss." The 
stranger allowed Damien a few minutes to grieve before continuing with a 
round of questions. "Can you think of anyone who may have wanted to 
harm him?"
"I - no." Damien replied. "H-he's a great guy. Everyone round here loves 
him."
He stared wistfully at the proud bulletin board. 
       "Okay. Just come down to the police station and ask for Fred J if 
you remember anything else. I'll be paying you and your family a visit 
tomorrow to ask a few more questions."
Damien nodded before realising that the stranger couldn't physically see 
him.
"Okay." he said.
"Thanks for your time." 
       The stranger promptly hung up and Damien numbly put the 
phone down. He walked over to the door and turned the sign around so it 
would inform potential customers that the shop was closed. It looked like 
DIY Guy would be out of business for a while.

***

Louise's stomach rumbled. She glanced down at her phone and realised 
that she still hadn't called her grandparents yet. They'd probably be 
wondering where she was. She quickly typed out a text message. It took 
her a good few minutes longer than usual due to having to go back and 
correct her less obvious abbreviations into full words. Finally she pressed 
send and a message popped up several seconds later, informing her of its 
successful path, although she doubted that her grandmother physically 
had her phone on her. It was far more likely that the device was sitting in 
her house. At least Etta would hopefully remember to check it.
       "It's out!" Imogen's mother yelled. Louise hurried downstairs to 
the dining table two steps at a time in order to survey it. "That was quick." 
the woman smiled.
	Imogen's mother stood beside the table wielding two large plates 
of pizza. She wore a cooking cloak and looked rather triumphant. Louise 
smiled as she remembered what her ten year old self used to think of this 
lady - the super cook. Back then she hadn't understood how easy pizza 
could be to prepare.
        Imogen was already sat at the table, eagerly awaiting her food. 
Louise took a seat opposite her.
       "One pepperoni pizza and one margherita." Mrs Reed announced, 
placing the plates down in front of the respective teenagers.
"Thanks." said Louise.
"What do you girls want to drink?"
"Coke." she said instantly.
"Orange juice." Imogen said simultaneously.
Mrs Reed was so used to the replies that she did not ask them to respond 
separately. She simply nodded and returned to the kitchen. Louise smiled 
after the woman. 
       She was so lucky. Her Scar was barely noticeable. It was just a 
simple change of hair colour. Louise had overheard their parents 
discussing it one time, back when Elizabeth was still alive. Her mother had 
been complaining about her inability to grip a pen when she had first 
received her Scar. She'd said that Katherine was such a lucky woman to 
have her passive Scar which only resulted in a colour change. As Louise 
watched her leave the room she could hardly think of any disadvantage to 
having a ginger head of hair.  
	Her thoughts were interrupted by the loud sound of chomping 
that came from the other end of the table. Her gaze turned to Imogen 
who was digging into her food happily, as if her hand was a shovel. Louise 
picked up a pre-cut piece of her own pizza, doing so daintily in comparison 
to her friend. She began to follow in her footsteps. Well, mouth-steps.
       "You know -" Imogen said, between bites. "I was thinking that 
maybe -"
       Katherine returned with the drinks and placed them down next to 
the girls.
       "Don't talk with your mouth full honey." she told her daughter as 
she left the room.
       Imogen rolled her eyes and held up a finger to pause the line of 
conversation. Louise waited, Imogen swallowed and then continued.
       "- we could have a sleepover?"
Louise frowned.
"I don't know; my grandparents are being really protective at the 
moment. Besides, Gramma will be annoyed if I'm not awake enough in 
the morning to actually go to school."
"No she won't." Imogen argued. "She's probably worried enough about 
you by now that she wants you to take a break."
Louise sighed.
"I really don't want to."
"Why not?"
       Imogen shovelled another pizza slice into her mouth as she 
waited for her friend's explanation.
       "I just want to keep busy." Louise replied finally.
"All the more reason for a sleepover!" Imogen exclaimed. "You remember 
when we were little and we'd drag our sleeping bags out into the garden 
just so you could watch the stars?" Louise smiled fondly at the memory 
and nodded. "Well, provided that we drag out a couple of heaters with us 
we could do that again tonight."
       At this notion, Louise seemed to forget about the weather. She 
didn't care. It was winter so of course it would be cold but the main thing 
she cared about was that it got dark earlier. The stars came out earlier. 
Everything began to sparkle at an earlier time of day. Louise started to 
actively consider the sleepover option, searching for additional excuses to 
back up her choice should Etta question it.
       "That could be -"
"Fantastic! I know." Imogen replied, cutting her friend's pondering short. 
"I have thought about it."
"I'll call Gramma." Louise decided and glanced down at her still relatively 
full plate. She took a sip of her drink. "Once I've finished eating." she 
added.
Imogen grinned. 
"Then let's hurry up."
	Together the girls delved into their meals at lightning speed. As 
usual, Imogen was the first to finish. She returned her plate to the 
washing pile in the kitchen and her mother laughed. Louise waited to hear 
the usual exclamation and sure enough it arrived.
"Your stomach just keeps on growing!" Katherine cried in amusement.
"What are you gonna do about it?" Imogen replied, in a teasing tone.
       Louise smiled. She could just imagine her friend placing her hands 
on her hips as she stood in front of her mother. The first time she had 
visited Imogen's house all those years ago it had been such a shock to see 
the girl come out of her shell when faced by family. Louise had barely 
known her back then and had expected the quiet persona she often held 
in the classroom. By now Imogen's response simply seemed natural.
       "Sit back and watch as your body swells up from too much food." 
Katherine replied, with a chuckle.
"Mum," said Imogen, her voice changing in tone. She went from teasing 
to calculated flattery. "the pizza was really great -"
Katherine sighed.
"It's just pizza honey, what do you want?"
"Could me and Louise have a sleepover?"
        Louise slapped her hand onto her forehead. Of course it was only 
now that Imogen thought to consult a parent on the matter. 
       "You know, like we used to."
"What - you mean outside? At the start of winter?" Katherine asked 
dubiously.
"Yeah, she needs cheering up and I'd like to do it for nostalgia's sake." 
Imogen explained. "It's not like it's the middle of winter." she added. "I 
was thinking we could bring out a couple of heaters."
"Hm." 
For a monosyllabic murmur it certainly gave away a lot. Katherine clearly 
wasn't happy about the idea but she was considering it. Louise crossed 
her fingers.
        "Has she asked her father yet?"
"Her dad's at a convention."
"Has she asked Etta yet?"
"She's about to."
There was a long pause. Louise listened carefully. It was like a tennis 
match, the players building up tension before the final serve.
       "If Etta says yes, then I suppose - so do I." Katherine decided. "You 
can't get much more final than that woman's judgment." she added.
"Great!" Imogen exclaimed and skipped back into the dining room. She 
sat down and took a long gulp of her drink. Louise grabbed her phone 
again. "Ah you heard that." Imogen noted.
"Yup. I'm being proactive." 
       Louise dialled her grandparent's home number and patiently 
waited. One of them had to be back from work by now. Nonetheless, the 
call went to answerphone. 
	"Hi Gramma! Um, Imogen's suggested that we have a sleepover. 
It'll be a cool starlit one like we used to do and I just want to ask if that's 
okay. So err - call me when you get this, okay?"
She was ready to hang up when her grandfather's deep voice suddenly 
sounded in her ear.
"Hello Louise, Etta's still at work. I've only just got back - it's been a long 
day." Louise did not doubt the truth of his words, he sounded tired 
enough simply emitting them. "Could you repeat that for me please?"
"Imogen's suggested that we have one of our old starry sleepovers. Is that 
okay?" Louise summarised.
"That should be fine." Jeremy replied. She could almost hear her 
grandfather shrugging. She was glad that he had answered the phone; she 
knew she would've had to fight a lot harder to win her sleepover rights 
with Etta on the line. "I'm not your grandmother but I can guess what she 
would say," he added. Louise's heart sank. "just make sure you don't stay 
up too late and get up on time. School waits for no one." 
Louise felt relieved.
"Okay. I'll bear that in mind. Thanks."
"I'll see you whenever it is I next see you." sighed Jeremy.
"Yeah."
       She hung up. Imogen seemed to straighten in her seat.
"Well?" she said expectantly.
       She looked ready to hang on to Louise's every word. Even though 
it was winter, Imogen seemed equally excited by the prospect of a 
sleepover like they used to have so frequently when they were young. 
That was back before the prospect had dulled in interest and school work 
had gotten the better of them.
       "It's okay!" Louise squealed in response. "I'll just nip back to my 
house and get my stuff -"
"We have a spare sleeping bag. You can grab your toiletries in the 
morning." Imogen told her.
       Louise grinned, it almost sounded as if her friend had been 
planning this but there was one aspect she had evidently forgotten.
       "Immi, I need to get my pyjamas. I might as well get everything 
else."
"Oh. Yeah. Okay." Imogen said, looking a little embarrassed that she'd 
forgotten.
       Louise stood up and walked towards the house portal.
"I'll be back in a minute." 












 4


Simon approached the unoccupied table and gave the chair in front of him 
a gentle push to make room for his own.  He had already grabbed his 
breakfast from the buffet. 
       He hadn't expected the venue to be quite so impressively posh. 
The marble floor seemed to sparkle beneath him and he'd spent most of 
the morning trying not to stare at it for too long. It was starting to give 
him a headache. The paintings placed on the walls were also exquisite and 
had small tags hanging off them indicating their price and name. If he had 
that much money maybe he might've even bought one. As for the buffet 
itself, it had been surprisingly numerous in its options and he guessed that 
it wouldn't take long to fill himself up. As he stared down at his crammed 
plate Simon suddenly felt glad that the convention offered a discount for 
the hotel. 
	He was surprised that he'd managed to find an empty table. He 
knew that typically at these events there wasn't enough space to sit on 
your own, whether you knew the people there or not. However, he felt so 
daunted by the number of professionals in the room that he was glad he 
had found a spot without them. Surely he could have one breakfast alone 
to pluck up his courage? 
	Simon carefully put on his napkin. He knew this could get messy 
very quickly. He prodded his lone lobster, checking firstly if it really was 
dead and secondly if the shell would fall off. He'd never tried such 
expensive food before and wasn't quite sure of how to go about eating it. 
He began to carefully dissect it whilst checking the timetable for the day. 
       Simon had been handed the leaflet on checking in, along with his 
nametag, and it told him all the details he needed to know. The fine print 
informed him that the first talk was by Asher Reeves in an hour's time. 
       Reeves was one of the more famous psychologists that would be 
attending the convention and Simon was extremely excited, having only 
previously heard the man on the radio. The talk was going to take place in 
this very room once, presumably, the breakfast remains had been cleared 
away. The subject was attachment. Simon knew, from the extensively 
fascinating debates he often listened to, that the man's field focused on 
relationships. The psychologist often advised counsellors in their 
approaches to certain issues. The talk that followed would be by Ryan 
Fitch on the subject of abnormality. According to the leaflet's summary, it 
would look at the genetic nature of certain disorders and personality 
traits. Having never looked into the area himself, Simon was keen to 
explore it.
       "Is anyone sitting here?" asked a stranger, his shadow looming 
onto the leaflet. 
       Simon shook his head as he carefully attempted to extract 
another part of meat from his lobster. So much for a solitary breakfast.
        "Cheers."
       The stranger sat down across the table from Simon with his own 
brimming plate.
"How long are you gonna be here for?" the man asked, making polite 
conversation.
"The whole week probably." Simon replied. "The Airportal I'm using has 
made sure of that."
"Me too. I don't live far from here though." said the man. 
       Simon finally succeeded in breaking off a piece of meat and used 
the chance to look up at the stranger. He searched for a nametag but 
found none. The stranger smiled, understanding Simon's roving eyes. 
       "I keep on forgetting it, I thought I lost it yesterday and now I 
think it's trapped in my room." he explained.
Simon nodded in understanding. It was an easy enough mistake to make.
       "You arrived yesterday?" he asked.
"Yeah, I had to help set up some of the displays. I'm part of the 
organisation team."
"Really?" Simon said. "So you're a psychologist then?"
The man shrugged.
"Most people here are."
"I'm not." Simon pointed out.
"Then consider yourself unique." The man turned his attention to his own 
plate, dressing his mouth with a rather large fried egg in a surprisingly 
graceful fashion, before continuing. "It's starting to really irritate my wife, 
the way I keep running off to these things. Why have you come along?"
"I'm just interested in psychology." Simon replied. "I like to watch 
people."
       The stranger looked up to meet his eyes.
"Don't let anyone else hear you say that. One of the easiest things to do 
on the Set is get sued and it doesn't do anything for your case if you 
sound like a stalker." 
Simon gave him a small smile.
       "It's fun to observe other people's behaviours, they tend to know 
what they're doing and I like to note down the traits of that. I've been 
looking specifically at couples for several years now."
       The stranger frowned, clearly sussing out the disadvantages of 
such an obvious yet supposedly covert method.
        "Are you married?" he asked.
       Simon stared down at his food. He'd decided to forget about the 
lobster for the time being and go onto the easier subject of toast. 
       "Not anymore." he said quietly.
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"Don't be." Simon told him. "It happened a long time ago and I still have 
my daughter."
The stranger smiled at this news.
"What's her name?"
"Louise."
       The stranger paused, waiting for the enthusiastic, or frustrated, 
elaboration that usually came with a parent's mention of their child. 
Simon remained silent. The man's forehead creased in confusion.
	"How old is she?" he asked.
"Nearly eighteen." Simon replied. 
The man's eyes widened in empathy.
"She must be pretty tough to handle." he said. "My daughter's all grown 
up now but I still remember the few weeks before her Scarring. Her 
attitude was a menace! It didn't help that even someone who doesn't 
work in my profession could tell what was wrong. A lot of teenagers act 
up before their Scarring. It's perfectly normal but it can be very difficult to 
deal with. I know a few schools where they have assemblies advertising 
one on one sessions to help them deal with it." said the stranger.
       Simon looked up from his plate in interest. It was a good idea but 
seemed pointless in his case. Louise was fine, although Etta frequently 
insisted she wasn't. The frantic phone call he'd received the other night 
had been difficult to decipher but he'd gotten the gist: your daughter 
needs you. Come home. He had found it much harder to understand the 
reason why he was needed. Etta hadn't been particularly clear. He didn't 
know why she was so worried; Louise was independent, stubborn and a 
little rude at times but that was appropriate for her age. Simon had been 
forced to remind Etta of the Airportal limitations.
       "Louise seems fairly calm to me." he said.
The man stared at him for a minute but abruptly changed back to the 
previous, more painful conversation topic.
       "If you don't mind me asking, when did you lose your wife?"
Simon winced at the memory but replied nonetheless. He knew it 
shouldn't bother him so much now but he still missed her as badly as he 
had on the day she left.
       "Several years ago." he informed the stranger. "She was in 
hospital for a few months but didn't make it."
"When did you start taking an interest in psychology?"
"Well I was interested in it before but never really pursued it as a hobby 
until Elizabeth -" Simon trailed off.
       The stranger put down his cutlery and rested his elbows on the 
table beside his plate.
"It's perfectly normal to distract yourself after someone close to you 
dies." he said in a sympathetic tone of voice. "For a while, you want to 
escape reality. Your way of doing this is clearly by extracting yourself from 
your surroundings and viewing them from a detached perspective and 
don't get me wrong, there are a lot of worse things you could have turned 
to, but at some point you have to come to terms with what's happened."
"What?" Simon supposed that he should have seen this coming. "Thanks 
for your - um - concern but I'm not -"
"And now you're in denial." The stranger sat back and folded his arms. 
"You like psychology as a hobby so you must've done some research into 
its theoretical background. Tell me; has anything I've said sounded 
scientifically improbable yet?" he asked. Simon reluctantly shook his 
head. The stranger leant forwards and placed his hands by his plate. 
"Trust me - your daughter is anything but calm. It's okay to have a hobby 
but to obsess over it is something else entirely. You're neglecting her. You 
may not realise it but it's true and it's happening right now."
"Look, I could go home and help." Simon said, thinking back to the phone 
call. He did feel guilty leaving his daughter alone after Etta had screamed 
at him about the apparent urgency of her situation. "I want to, I really do 
but I physically can't." Simon continued, starting to get angry.
"There's more than one Airportal." said the stranger, pushing away his 
plate and standing up. "Check the timetables."
       "Aren't you going to finish that?" asked Simon.
"Nah. You can have it if you want; I have to be somewhere and so do 
you."
       Simon looked up at the man and his eyes softened as he realised 
something.
"I'm really going to miss your talk Mr Reeves."
The man smiled, confirming Simon's theory.
"Call me Ash." 
       He turned and headed towards the centre of the room as Simon 
did the opposite, feeling distinctly smug. He knew he recognised the voice 
from somewhere.

***

"Gary! Don't forget to clear up once you've finished!" Jeremy called.
"Yes Mr Inwood." the boy sighed as his boss left the office.
       He stared at the design in front of him and compared it to his 
misshapen attempt at copying the image. In practise, the shape was 
almost impossible to replicate accurately. He was getting nowhere. 
       Gary preferred adding style to creations in terms of the outer 
layers. In short, he liked to decorate the surface of clothing, not so much 
to construct its foundations. It didn't help that the image of Bob Pilford's 
corpse seemed to be imprinted onto his eyelids. Every time he blinked the 
body flashed before him. It made him feel sick. He didn't understand why 
anyone would've wanted to murder the man, Pilford wasn't perfect but 
he tried and had frequently upgraded features of Gary's apartment for 
free.
       His stomach groaned loudly. This wasn't his area of expertise. He 
knew that Jeremy didn't believe he had one. Gary would show him 
otherwise but not tonight. It was getting late and he just wanted to 
escape the gloomy building.
        He started to put the unused materials back into their cardboard 
box and placed the used ones in the desk drawer. He turned off the 
sewing machine and the power source, grabbed his bag and headed 
towards the door but not before tripping over the carpet. Again. Gary 
groaned. He really was useless.
        His bag lay open on the floor, having sprayed its contents across 
the room like a toddler who'd eaten too many sweets. He grimaced at the 
disgusting nature of the metaphor his mind had come up with. He really 
needed to get out of this place.
       Gary sat up and began to crawl about the floor, reaching for his 
sewing kit and bandages. Ever since a certain incident, he had always 
carried some form of first aid item with him in case his clumsiness should 
get the better of him at the worst moment; his mother had been a nurse 
so he had plenty of medical know-how. Rather oddly, one of the things he 
understood best from her profession was how to clean up gangrene.
       Soon there was only one thing left to return. Gary reached out for 
it feeling puzzled; he didn't remember putting that in his bag. He didn't 
remember it at all and yet it somehow looked familiar. He picked the item 
up and promptly dropped it again. The jagged edges were sharp as well as 
blue. Suddenly he realised - it was a corner. The corner. 
       The image of Bob's dead body flashed into Gary's mind again and 
he crawled backwards, banging into the desk.
       "Wha - how -" he gasped, unable to comprehend how the item 
had come to be in his apparent possession. 
       He thought back over the day's events. What had he been doing? 
Who had he interacted with? It'd been a normal enough day until the 
explosion. Gary had got up, dressed, breakfasted, told his brother to 
behave himself and left the flat. He'd taken their home portal as usual and 
this time it had sent him to the right place. It was early enough that work 
had been fairly empty and the next person he'd spoken to was Jeremy. 
Could Jeremy have planted the bomb, murdered Bob and placed a piece 
of the Danagem in his bag to frame him? For a while Gary genuinely 
considered the option but eventually came to the conclusion that no, 
Jeremy wouldn't have wanted to put his wife in danger and the reason 
didn't make chronological sense. Jeremy had been in the office when the 
explosion happened, leaving no time for him to kill Bob. That only left one 
person who could've done it. Michael. His brother. Michael who didn't 
even work at Unison. Gary sighed. There had to be someone else. 
       Wearily and with extreme reluctance, he approached the bomb 
fragment. He knew that there was no way it could cause another 
explosion but that did not prevent the feeling of terror from clawing at his 
insides. Gary carefully picked up the corner and put it in his trouser 
pocket, taking care to zip up his bag this time.
       He walked towards the door and started his trek through the 
winding building corridors. He still got lost very frequently despite the 
signs and amount of time he'd spent working at the place as an intern. 
Gary wanted to get out quickly but he knew it would be a bad idea to 
increase his pace. He did not want a repeat of what had happened 
yesterday. That had just been embarrassing.
       He managed to find his way to reception with only a little 
difficulty. 
       "Hey Michael hun!" Vicky called from the desk.
        He ignored her. She was just one of the many people who got 
him and his brother confused. Presumably they had already met when 
Michael visited the company for his job interview. Wait. Job interview? 
Gary picked up speed.
	He dashed around the back of reception to the work entrance and 
typed his home coordinates into the portal. He stepped into the copper 
whirlpool and allowed himself to be sucked back to his apartment. When 
Gary stepped out the other side he surveyed the grey room; Michael 
didn't appear to have got back yet. For now he was alone, simply relieved 
that the portal had spit him out into the correct location.
       Gary headed towards the kitchen, ignoring the flickering lights as 
he passed over the room's relatively small carpet. It had once been 
beautiful, covered in intricate patterns but now the majority of the 
decoration was obscured by stains. 
       He opened the fridge and grimaced. They appeared to have 
another maggot infestation. Flapping his hand in the naive hope that it 
would remove the repulsive stench, Gary turned to grab a chair. He 
wedged the unfortunate object by his side to keep the fridge door open 
and grabbed the remains of their tattered mop. It still leant beside the 
fridge after their last encounter, as did the bucket.
        He kicked the battered, makeshift bin/bucket so it sat in front of 
him. Nervously, he reached out for the top shelf and pulled the edge 
slightly. A packet of half open old cheese fell over and a group of maggots 
cascaded down with it. Gary drew back his hand instantly, wishing he'd 
worn gloves. He raised the withered mop and used the wooden end to 
poke the lot down into the bin. He missed. 
       The clump of maggots fell onto the floor, and Gary narrowly 
avoided it. He jumped onto the chair, quietly marvelling that he hadn't 
missed that too. For a few moments he simply cowered as the creatures 
swarmed the floor. He hated this but now he really had to fix it. 
       Holding the centre of the mop, so he could use the proper end 
without getting maggot germs on his hands, Gary started to brush the 
squirming creatures onto the rug that lay outside the fridge for such 
purposes. Once he was sure he had successfully herded them all onto its 
centre, Gary jumped down from the chair and gathered up the ends of the 
fabric, tipping them into the bin. Thankfully this time it didn't overflow. 
       He dropped the carpet and grabbed the bucket, placing his hands 
on both sides and shook it lightly to make sure no maggots were climbing 
up the sides. He headed towards the window and opened it as best as he 
could with one hand. Just outside it sat their tiny window garden. 
       Over the years that Gary had lived in the apartment, the blooming 
lilacs, through no fault of their own, had gradually condensed into a 
compost heap. Only occasional poppies, that seemed to be able to survive 
anything, poked their heads up above the rotted dumping ground and 
even those most perseverant of flowers were wilting. 
       Gary sighed and tipped the contents of the bucket onto it. He 
then withdrew and closed the windows. Benjamin would've never had to 
deal with this kind of problem.
       He wandered towards the kitchen sink and dumped the bucket in 
it, turning the tap on. Gary shivered: partly because the heating hadn't 
been working for several weeks now but mostly because maggots made 
his skin crawl. He was going to have to buy some new food. A lot more.
        As he waited for the water to run hot, he returned to the fridge. 
He was pleased to note that he had removed the worst of it. Now he just 
needed to check if any of the remaining food was edible. 
       Gary started to go through the shelves, feeling a lot more 
comfortable when he wasn't being watched by several hundred wriggling 
eyes. Unfortunately, virtually everything seemed to be out of date and 
several of his favourite items were startlingly discoloured. He scooped 
each packet into his arms and added them to his compost heap, unsure of 
what else to do with them. For the third time that day he returned to the 
fridge and scoured the shelves. There appeared to be two, rather 
insubstantial, packets of microwaveable curry at the bottom. He grabbed 
them and hurried over to the microwave after moving the chair so he 
could close the fridge door. He was starving.
       He snatched a fork from the kitchen work surface and stabbed a 
couple of holes in the packets before he closed the microwave door on 
them, set the timer and pressed go. Nothing happened. Gary frowned and 
whacked the back of the microwave with his hand in frustration. He really 
needed to get round to calling Bob about this - then he remembered. 
Never mind. Cold curry for dinner would just have to do. 
       He set the table, pausing only to add some liquid soap to the 
boiling bucket of water. He turned the tap off so it could soak. 
       Gary placed two worn placemats, a couple of extremely old, 
chipped glasses, the forks and the food itself onto the table next door. 
Home sweet home. 
       He grabbed a hand held liquidizer from the kitchen and plucked 
two straws from his pocket. Gary set to work on his meal. He ripped the 
cover from his packet and inhaled the fresh, non-maggot smell. Part of 
him didn't want to eat it; he just wanted to revel in the moment but his 
stomach thought differently. At its loud growl, he thoroughly liquidized 
the packet's contents, placed the garish straw into the mix and tucked in. 
He found that he didn't particularly care about the temperature of the 
meal. He wolfed down the first few bites - well, sucked and his mind went 
back to Benjamin. He had changed very little. Gary had almost forgotten 
how frustrating his incessant optimism could be.
        The man had no idea how lucky he was! His Scar was a simple no 
sense of smell. All it did was make his nose appear a little wonkier than it 
should be. The last thing that had done was limit him in any shape or 
form. Gary still remembered the man's excited tinkering. They'd never 
been in the same class but that hadn't stopped the news from spreading. 
Benjamin was a genius, Benjamin was an entrepreneur, Benjamin was 
going to university at a young age, Benjamin was undoubtedly better than 
you - even if you helped him out from time to time. At Gary's old school, 
the man had been someone to be worshipped. He was not even old 
enough to be called a man at that time but many teachers had argued he 
had the mental capacity of one. Gary wondered if anything had changed 
now that the child genius was situated in the real, working world where 
all the intellectual lights seemed to glow in a dimmer fashion. Suddenly, 
his thought process was interrupted by the arrival of his brother.
       Michael stepped inside and closed the apartment door on their 
portal. Gary nursed his meal and focused on his brother. He couldn't help 
but feel irritation at the receptionist. They were so different! Yes, they 
were both black, they were both male and they had a similar face shape 
but that was as far as the similarities went. Michael was a head taller than 
him despite being a year younger and his hair was far more neatly 
attended to than Gary's ever was. Plus Michael's oversewn stitches were 
different to his. Whilst Gary's lips were loosely sewn together with a fine 
white thread in a manner that made him look permanently upset, 
Michael's lips had been attacked with a medium size piece of rope in such 
a fashion that he had a permanent smile. If that wasn't enough, Michael 
had a deep, hypnotic voice that could attract whoever he set his sights on. 
In many ways, the brothers were pure opposites.
       Gary's thoughts were promptly interrupted as he made the 
mistake of blinking and the image of Bob flashed into his head once more. 
It reminded him of why they had to talk.
       "How was work?" he asked.
"Alright," Michael replied. "what about you?"
Gary glanced down at his food.
"I met Benjamin." he said.
Michael winced.
"And?"
"You were right." Gary sighed. "He didn't recognise me and I'm even kind 
of happy about it."
       Michael gave him a knowing look. Gary knew he looked anything 
but glad. However he also knew that his expression was partly down to 
the maggots and the fact that his lips were tied in a permanent sulk. He 
knew that his brother should know him well enough by now to distinguish 
between the stitching and the real expression but sometimes Gary 
wondered.
       "Well, I did tell you he was kind of clueless about anything but 
electronics. You don't get to his position without that kind of 
obliviousness." Michael paused to glance down at the packet in his place 
on the table. "Is that dinner?"
Gary nodded.
"It was the best I could manage. We had another infestation." he said 
apologetically.
"If that means we can have curry every night that's fine by me!" his 
brother announced and sat down across the table from him.
"No, it's not good enough." Gary sighed. 
       Nothing was good enough at the moment. Michael shouldn't have 
to work to scrape together their rent - he should be at school working 
towards his next academic qualification. Gary was sure that despite 
Michael being no Benjamin, he had every right to a decent education. 
       "We deserve better than this. Mum would've never -" Gary 
trailed off as his brother glared at him.
       The teenager stared at his food. He knew he shouldn't have 
brought her up but he couldn't help it. 
       "Mum doesn't live here anymore." Michael said firmly. "She's in 
an institution where she belongs. She's not on our side anymore - never 
forget that. Whatever you are going to say, she would've."
       Gary pushed over the liquidizer and extra straw. Michael 
prepared his food, placed the straw in the usual gap between his stitches 
and started to eat. Well, drink. Gary watched him. 
       It was amazing how quickly he had managed to avoid the topic of 
work. The last thing that Gary wanted to do was chase up on his 
suspicions. What if they were true? He repressed another weary sigh, this 
time the frustration was directed more at himself. He knew that his 
suspicions were the whole point of asking the question: to find out if his 
brother was putting everyone in danger. There was an equal chance that 
Michael was perfectly innocent. In theory.
       "You said you were going for a job interview a while back?" Gary 
asked finally, committing a quick topic change in the process. 
"Yeah." Michael replied. "It didn't pan out."
He shrugged and Gary sighed in relief. He felt a little sorry for him; he 
knew how much Michael had wanted a job; to work at Unison had been 
one of his dreams from a young age but for now all Gary could think of 
was that his brother couldn't have arranged the explosion. He couldn't 
have killed Bob. Why would he have wanted to anyways? He had nothing 
against Bob Pilford. Bob was the one who had sent their mother to the 
institution in the first place. Bob had done so much for them despite 
never being there.
	Michael took his brother's sigh for one of weary disappointment.
"Relax! I got a new one at Unison." he told him.
Gary's eyes widened.
"What?" he gasped.
"Yeah, I'll probably be seeing you around more in the day." Michael 
grinned. "Won't that be cool?"
       Gary put down his straw.
"When do you start?" he asked.
"You mean did. I've been working there for about a week now. The place 
is pretty unorganised but I'm surprised you haven't spotted me yet. I saw 
you a couple of times."
       It was Michael. Michael did it. It had to be him. Gary felt his hands 
clench up in fear as a sick feeling washed over him. Slowly, he attempted 
to calm himself and relax his muscles, reaching into his trouser pocket for 
his phone. He grasped at the rough fabric. It wasn't there. He searched his 
memory for where he could've left it and realised that he must've 
accidentally flung it out of his pocket when he had tripped back at the 
office. Gary stood up and went over to the bag that he'd left on the floor 
earlier to double check.
       "Did you hear that bang go off?" he asked, trying to keep the 
conversation going. 
"Yeah! It was kind of difficult not to hear." Michael replied. "Nothing 
serious happened though right?"
"A man died." Gary said quietly.
"So? Men do that all the time, not to be sexist, so do women. It's life." 
       Michael chuckled. Gary was glad he was no longer facing his 
brother. His shocked expression would've given him away in an instant. 
His phone, unfortunately for him, was definitely not there. He looped the 
bag handle around his wrist and headed for the door. Gary opened it and 
typed the coordinates 999 into the portal keypad as covertly as he could 
manage, desperately hoping that the system wouldn't be faulty this time 
round. 
       "Where are you off to?" Michael asked.
"I just remembered, I think I left my phone at the office." Gary told him.
It was not exactly a lie.
"Well, have you looked in your bag?" Michael asked, standing up from his 
seat and approaching his brother.
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure I left it at the office." Gary repeated, trying to keep 
his voice steady.
       He turned to walk through the portal. He'd definitely stuck 
around home long enough. 
       He felt the warmth of the green colours consume him but 
something was wrong. Someone was pulling him back, tugging at his 
sleeve. Gary reeled backwards into the apartment, falling over in the 
process. His head connected with the cold floor as he found himself 
staring up at Michael. The corner of the Danagem had flown out of Gary's 
other trouser pocket and rested on the floor above his arm. Michael 
cocked his head onto one side and looked at it.
       "You weren't going to tell on me were you?" he asked.
"N-no!" Gary gasped, wincing.
"Cause if you were, that's a shame. I was going to tell on you and now 
you've ruined it. You know, I find that when something's ruined, by 
definition, it tends to get worse." 
       Michael turned to grab his cup from the table and Gary tried to 
get up, to escape before his brother could do anything that he would end 
up regretting. He was too slow. 
       "You should've let me tell on you." Michael said, as he swung the 
glass at Gary's face.

***

Michael stepped out of the portal into the city centre with a smile on his 
face. It was such a beautiful night. The streets were empty, only 
consumed by silence. The fact that nobody had dared to venture outside 
on such a beautiful evening didn't make any sense. Michael began his 
stroll down the cobbled road, his footsteps echoing as he moved. 
	He'd forgotten how peaceful it could be, walking. Portals had 
been the mainstream form of travel for so long. It almost made him want 
to go to a retreat he saw so often advertised amongst the sea of public 
messages. 
       As soon as he had grown tall enough to reach the keypad, Michael 
used to type random numbers into the apartment portal and see where it 
would take him. Many times he found himself walking up to closed doors 
and having to return home through the colourful vortex but more often 
than not, he found people doing the strangest things. That was back 
before his parents had had their messy break up so Michael had only been 
given a light telling off and a lecture on the dangers of the unknown. That 
hadn't stopped him. He'd kept portal hopping, just when his parents' 
backs were turned. After they had split up he didn't bother to hide the 
action anymore. What he did no longer mattered. 
       Portal hopping afterwards had seemed less exhilarating because 
nobody was trying to catch him in the act. Every time Michael spied 
couples through unclosed doors they were most likely happy as opposed 
to fighting. Worst of all, they were smiling. What gave them the privilege 
to smile? Michael hated it. He was forced to smile on a daily basis even 
when his lips became gangrenous but there they were smiling with such 
ease and joy. They didn't deserve it. 
       Michael picked up the pace, peering into gardens as he strode. He 
wasn't searching for anyone or anything in particular; he was simply 
waiting for them to present themselves to him. People placed portals in 
their front doors but they never thought far ahead enough to add them to 
their gardens. It was much harder to escape from gardens. It was silly 
really and a huge security flaw but it seemed that people's blind spots 
tended to be behind them. Or sometimes, right in front of them. He 
sniggered. 
       Suddenly the silence was interrupted. Michael frowned. Someone 
was giggling. He listened closely and realised that two, females were 
giggling. They sounded young. He approached the noise hoping to 
determine its source. He almost laughed himself at the fence which 
surrounded the garden. Sure, the grass was tucked away but the gate was 
truly amusing. He could easily climb over it and did so, making sure to 
duck behind a hedge before the girls could see him. He felt a little like a 
cartoon character peering through the leaves but that only heightened 
the excitement of the action. Michael watched and winced, giving his 
tender head a gentle rub. 
       Despite the fact that his brother had been on the floor he'd still 
been relatively effective at defending himself. He had left Michael with a 
stinging gash on his forehead decorated with small splinters of glass and 
an ache that seemed to encompass him in general. He ignored the pain 
and returned his focus to the girls he could see through the bush.
       Bizarrely, they appeared to be laying out sleeping bags. Michael 
ducked as a slender, olive skinned teenager approached the hedge. She 
placed a large object by it and moved away. On closer examination 
Michael realised that it was a heater. How hospitable of her. The only 
disadvantage of the object was that it obstructed his view. He crawled 
towards the hedge on the other side of him for a better, leaf ridden 
perspective. Michael smiled genuinely. His lips did not move but there 
was a certain glimmer to his eyes that gave it away if you looked closely 
enough. 
       He already recognised one of them. Her friend muttered 
something to her as she began to slip into her own sleeping bag, setting 
off another bout of laughter. Michael tilted his head to one side. What 
gave her the right to smile?
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       

 5


Louise laughed as her friend snuggled into the sleeping bag beside her. 
Imogen smiled.
"What?" she said. "It wasn't that funny."
"I-I know - it's just -"
Louise gasped for breath inbetween chuckles. Imogen nodded.
"I get it."
       She understood that the laughter was more hysterical than 
anything else. 
	Finally Louise's chuckles died away and the pair stared up at the 
night sky.
"It's beautiful." she said quietly.
"Yeah." Imogen agreed. "Go on, show me the constellations. I know you 
want to."
       Louise grinned. She raised an arm to point into the open sky.
       "That one, just to the left of us is beta behemoth." she said.
Imogen squinted into space.
"Where?"
"You see that really bright star, next to that clump of four?"
Imogen gazed into the air, searching the stars. It took her a little while but 
she eventually spotted the clump.
       "Err - yeah?"
"That's it."
"Oh." 
       Imogen did not sound terribly impressed but Louise didn't care. 
Stargazing was more for her benefit than her friend's and there were 
plenty of far more interesting ones than the lone star she had pointed 
out.
       "Over there, that's the great mouse." Louise explained. "The little 
mouse is just above it to the right." 
       Imogen spotted this one much faster than she had done with the 
previous star. At least the constellation actually looked like a mouse. That 
was more than could be said for its smaller counterpart which looked 
more like a triangle shaped box with a tail.
       "Any particular reason why there are vermin in the sky?" she 
asked.
"Well, let's just say the great cat wasn't too happy." Louise teased. "She 
loved to torture the rodents. Her dog master had sympathy for the mice's 
plight and so, using his mystical powers of dogginess, he decided to send 
them somewhere that they couldn't be harmed by his mistress."
Imogen laughed at the ridiculous story.
"How do you make this stuff up!?" she exclaimed.
"Practise." Louise replied smugly.
"Okay, what's that one directly above us?" Imogen asked. "What's its 
story? I mean, even I can see the pattern so it must be relatively 
important."
       Louise gazed up. She knew instantly what her friend was talking 
about.  Above them, lay a constellation that very obviously adopted the 
smooth, albeit dot to dot, curves of a teardrop. 
       "That's Wet Luck, sometimes called the Teardrop." Louise replied. 
She gave Imogen a small smile. "It has a sadder story than some of the 
others. It's said to be the tear of the first woman to have been Scarred."
Imogen frowned.
"Oh."
"According to legend her name was Rosalie. When she hit eighteen her 
left eye was spontaneously covered in vicious, reddened scars. People say 
it's where the origin of the name Scar first came from. Her eye was no 
longer functional and no operation could save it or remove it."
"Ouch." said Imogen. 
Ignoring the interruption, Louise continued.
       "Back then, having such a physical disability was looked down 
upon, no matter how small it was. Rosalie's husband left her and her 
children couldn't stand to be in her presence. It was a long time before 
she found the comfort of love or family again."
"God." Imogen gasped. "What happened inbetween?"
"She cried." Louise replied simply. "She didn't know what else to do. 
Nobody was willing to help her or knew how to. Many were disgusted just 
by approaching her because she could only cry proper tears through her 
right eye."
"Wow. I'm so glad we live now and not then."
"Me too." said Louise with a sigh. "We've moved on a bit."
"More than a bit!" Imogen exclaimed. "You don't get people leaving you 
because you've hit eighteen."
Louise sighed and rolled over.
"No. They just leave you earlier when they think that no one will notice." 
she said very quietly.
       Nonetheless, due to the proximity of their sleeping arrangement, 
Imogen still heard her.
"What?"
       Fortunately for Louise, both of their thought processes were 
loudly drowned out by Katherine's startled cry that came from the 
kitchen.
       "WHAT?"
       Imogen frowned.
"I think I'll go see what's going on in there. Back in a moment." she told 
Louise.
	Reluctantly, she removed herself from the warmth of her sleeping 
bag and headed back into the house. When Imogen entered the kitchen 
she saw Damien facing her mother. He had finally come home. They'd 
been starting to wonder where he was. Normally, work never extended 
this long into the evening.
       "You took your time." she said.
He turned to face her, a slight wobble in his step.
"Bob's d-dead."
"What?" Imogen gasped. She turned to examine her mother's expression, 
seeking validity for the claim but was met by her devastated eyes. They 
had all known Bob and now they would never know anything more about 
the friendly man. "What happened?"
"I - I got a phone call from this puh - policeman. Bob got - murdered." 
       Damien closed his eyes for a few seconds before sitting down on 
top of the sink draining board. Under the usual circumstances Imogen 
knew that their mother would be telling him off but right now nobody 
cared about such small, irrelevant details. Damien could probably get 
away with shooting one of the house windows at such a moment. 
       Imogen walked over to him. He stank of alcohol. She realised that 
was probably why he had been gone for so long. Not that she blamed him.
       "Do they know who -"
"No."
       Imogen cast her eyes downwards to admire the floor. She didn't 
really know what to say. She opened her mouth to attempt some words 
of comfort when she was interrupted by a loud, piercing scream. All heads 
bobbed up.
       "Louise." Imogen gasped.
       The trio dashed back into the garden with Imogen leading but the 
area was empty. Her friend was gone and the garden gate was open 
although such an action had clearly been forced on it.
	Imogen's mother was the first to react, drawing out her mobile 
phone instantly. The two teenagers used the precious minutes to simply 
stare at the empty sleeping bag where Louise should have been lying. 
Imogen barely registered Katherine talking on the phone but suddenly, 
Damien seemed to snap into action. He ran through the gate, in a slightly 
unbalanced fashion due to the amount of alcohol he'd consumed that 
evening, and observed the area around him. It was empty. He listened but 
for once there were no tell-tale footsteps echoing across the cobbles. He 
was the loudest person on the street. Whoever had taken Louise was fast. 
       He returned to his family to share the group panic. What if she'd 
been kidnapped by the murderer? More importantly, what had the killer 
done to silence her?

***

Louise blearily opened her eyes with a grimace to find herself staring 
down at the grass below her. It seemed to be passing by without her feet 
even making contact. Instead, a stranger's unfamiliar shoes sped across 
the ground. Someone was carrying her. The jogging movement made her 
feel sea sick. It didn't help that Louise gradually came to realise that she 
was hanging upside down over the said stranger's shoulder. As the blood 
rushed to her head, she frantically tried to think back to what she'd been 
doing that evening. It didn't take her long to remember. The sleepover 
had been going so well up until now.
       "W-who are you?" she groaned as loudly as she dared.
"I'll tell you later." a deep voice informed her.
       Whoever he was, he was fast.
       "That was a nice story you told." he said. 
"Huh?"
"The one about the woman."
       She shivered. He'd been close enough to listen. Louise ignored the 
man's sudden fascination with depressing constellations and responded 
with a simple question.
"Where are we going?"
       He let out a thin chuckle.
"That would be telling."
       For a while there was silence but eventually he felt the need to fill 
it.
"What's your name?" he asked. Louise stubbornly refused to reply. "Okay 
then. I'll call you Rachael."
       Suddenly, she felt his grip loosen for a second. Louise twisted her 
legs, kicking out at him and then she fell headfirst onto the grass. She 
crawled backwards, stumbling to her feet. She glanced down at herself 
and realised that she was covered in a mixture of leaves and dirt. What 
had he done? More importantly, what was he going to do.
       "I'm not going anywhere with you!" she cried as the stranger 
turned. "SOMEONE HELP!" she screamed.
       Now that she could see him fully she realised he was nothing but 
a boy, only a little older than herself. She didn't have time to react to his 
horrific Scar; she focused her efforts on trying to scramble away from him. 
Michael didn't look particularly perturbed. He simply strode towards her, 
a disturbing level of confidence in his step. He cocked his head onto one 
side.
       "Yes you are." he said calmly, lips barely moving.
"Get away from me!" Louise shrieked.
He let out that eerie chuckle again.
"Why would I do that? You came to me. Twice." he said. "You were at the 
playground garden; your grandparents were at Unison, they rarely stop 
talking about you, and now this? It's fate." 
       Louise didn't pause to ask why he had mentioned her 
grandparents. For the first time she was glad her father wasn't in town. 
She started to run.
       "Aw, don't be like that." he sighed and gave chase.
	The sprint was a brief one. Louise felt too dizzy to get far and they 
both knew it although she still screamed herself hoarse. Michael didn't 
even need to speed up. She fell within a few metres of moving, feeling the 
ache in her head subside as she caved into the darkness. Michael simply 
smiled, as he always did. He knew from experience that people were far 
easier to carry when they didn't fight back.

***

"We're going to need a search party." Fred sighed.
       This was really not his week. He'd had to examine two mutilated 
corpses and now a girl, mostly likely to become the third, was missing. 
Needless to say, her friends and family who currently stood in front of him 
(minus the girl's father) were not reacting well, especially the young man. 
Katherine could also tell and was thankful that her son had sobered up 
somewhat before the police detective had arrived. It was curious how the 
same man seemed to be on everyone's case this evening but she wasn't 
too bothered about pondering such small details when there was a real 
danger lurking in the dark for Louise.
       "That will take too long!" Damien protested.
"Well unless you know where this invisible man went, we haven't got any 
other options." Fred told him angrily. The teenager's impatience was 
starting to get on his nerves. "I've already phoned for back up; in the 
meantime we're going to have to split up. I don't want anybody going 
round in a group smaller than three, understand?"
The group nodded, Damien doing so reluctantly.
       "No being a hero." Fred continued. "If any of you think you know 
where she might have been taken you tell me instantly." He recited his 
mobile number and exchanged numbers with the other members of the 
second group, watching as they slowly added him to their contacts. "You 
have no excuse." he told them.
	Jeremy, Katherine and Imogen joined to form one group, leaving 
behind Fred, Damien and Etta. Fred tried to keep his expression neutral 
but he wasn't particularly happy at being placed alongside the woman 
who'd shown him up at the crime scene with her knowledge and the 
grouchy boy who had only recently sobered up.
       "Let's go this way." Damien announced, pointing across the 
cobbles. 
He didn't give the pair the chance to respond, he simply started moving. 
Etta sighed but followed him. Fred glanced back at the other group as 
they started to walk in the opposite direction. The cobbles rang out 
beneath both groups as they strode down their independent streets.
       "If we don't find her -" Fred began.
"It's a little early for that don't you think?" Etta said sternly.
Fred sighed.
"Yes but it's a real option we have to consider. If we don't find her today-"
"Then we keep searching." said Damien firmly.
"Exactly." Fred replied. He wasn't disagreeing; he was simply being 
practical. It would make everyone's job a lot easier, particularly his. "Same 
time tomorrow - wherever we haven't covered tonight, we'll start to 
cover then."
       The group kept walking, although doing so seemed to have made 
little progress yet.
	"Do either of you know anyone who would want to harm her?" 
Fred asked, resorting to basic police questions in a hope for any 
meaningful answers.
"That evil man, who killed Scarlett and assaulted Louise!" Etta replied. "I 
don't know why or who he is but he sounds plausible enough. He pushed 
a slide on my granddaughter!" she exclaimed.
"Wait - what?" said Damien, forehead creasing in confusion. 
Fred sighed. He was surprised that the teenager didn't know yet.
"You've seen today's public messages, right?" he asked.
"Well, yeah."
"Scarlett Davis was killed yesterday at the local nursery." Fred explained.
       Damien's eyes widened. The nursery was having an afternoon of 
silence in memory of one of their younger friends who had recently 
passed away. The text on the monitor had made it seem so peaceful. It 
had been full of melancholy but simple. No ulterior motives and certainly 
no murder.
        "What does that have to do with -"
"Louise volunteers at the nursery." Etta added. "She wants to be a social 
worker."
       Damien frowned. He knew so little about the girl he was searching 
so desperately for. He cringed at the memory of what he had told her 
earlier in a bad attempt at blind consolation. 
       Don't worry traumatised person, that evil murderer bloke will just 
sort himself out! You can deal with dying can't you?
       "What do you do in your spare time dear?" she said suddenly.
Damien stared at her.
"What?" he replied.
"We can walk and talk can't we, officer?" she asked, turning to Fred.
The man nodded.
"Do what you want. I'm trying to stay focused."
       Fred tuned out the conversation entirely and kept his eyes on the 
path ahead. Damien's eyes remained fixed on Etta.
       "You don't seem that worried." he noted.
"That's because I'm distracting myself." she replied. "Now answer the 
question."
It took Damien a few minutes to recall what the question had been 
through his confusion.
"I - I - erm -" he stuttered. 
       He knew that such a simple question should not be so difficult to 
answer. It was probably due to his mind focusing on other issues. Etta 
sighed.
"I'll go first then shall I?" she offered. "I like tinkering with my arm, 
making the wrist learn new tricks."
"Uh - tricks?" said Damien, glancing at the woman's robotic limb.
"I first started practising when Louise was little. I just liked to see that look 
of joy on her face." Etta smiled sadly. Already they were back onto the 
topic of her granddaughter. "I can show you if you like."
       Damien was torn. He wasn't a little kid anymore but part of him 
desperately wanted to be. Eventually he gave in to his inner child.
       "Okay."
       Etta's smile grew and she typed a series of numbers into the black 
keypad. Her wrist shot into the air with a loud click and hovered between 
the two men. Fred jumped backwards and let out an amusingly high-
pitched shriek, promptly followed by an exclamation.
"What on the Set is tha - oh." He let out a sigh of relief as he put two and 
two together. Damien and Etta chuckled beside him. "What?" Fred 
snapped. "It looks like a spider!"
"Oh dear," Etta laughed. "you're just like my son."
       At the thought of Simon, Etta's laughter stopped. His daughter 
was missing and unless they found her before he got back from the 
convention someone - most likely her - was going to have to explain 
Louise's absence. At this revelation there was a distinct lack of idle chit 
chat and they kept walking. 
       About ten minutes later Damien finally thought of his answer.
       "Video games." he said.
Etta tutted.
"How boring."
"I don't have time to learn any new skills!" Damien complained. "I'm too 
busy with work." He paused for a moment. "Well, I guess I have more 
time now."
"What do you do?" she asked.
"I work - used to work, for DIY Guy." he said quietly.
Etta looked at him, the sorrow plain in both of their eyes. 
"I'm sorry." 
He glanced down at the cobbled street.
"Me too." 
       There was a brief pause in conversation as the group thought of 
Bob.
       "Are you going to keep the place running?" Etta asked.
       Damien frowned. He hadn't even got round to considering the 
option yet.
        "I don't know. What about you? What do you do for a living?" 
Damien asked, wanting to think about something else.
"I work at Unison on the engineering floor." Etta replied, typing in a few 
numbers into her keypad so the wrist returned to her arm with the usual 
click. 
       Fred relaxed noticeably. Damien would've smiled if he hadn't 
been transfixed on the old woman.
       "Wow." he breathed.
"It's not as impressive as it sounds." she told him.
"Yes it is!" Damien insisted. "You make the soldier uniforms don't you?"
"Like I said, it's not as impressive as it sounds." she repeated, a slight 
coldness added to her tone. "There are plenty of other things I'd rather be 
doing."
"How do you get into a job like that?" Damien asked.
Etta gave him a small smile.
"I did some ridiculous things at university, one of those being making my 
arm. When I finally got called in for a rather delayed Unison check-up they 
were so surprised by my home made solution that they hired me on the 
spot."
       Damien stared at the woman's arm in wonder. Sure enough, 
there was no Unison logo smeared across it like there was on his helmet 
and outfit. Suddenly Fred spoke up.
	"It's getting too late for this. We should all go back home and 
continue the search tomorrow morning." he decided, getting out his 
phone.
Damien didn't look happy at the decision but remained quiet nonetheless. 
       As Fred dialled Katherine's number Damien glanced at the time 
on the screen. The detective was right. It was almost morning. On the 
bright side, at least he didn't have to worry about getting up on time for 
work. Even if he was going to continue Bob's business, who said the place 
had to open at the same time? Damien winced, wishing that he hadn't 
reminded himself of his mentor's absence. He sighed. 
	As soon as he got up tomorrow, the shop would be redecorated. 
Whilst Bob's achievement board was impressive, it was no longer 
necessary and the certificates deserved to be returned to the man's 
family. The board could turn into a memorial for Bob. He deserved to be 
remembered.
       "Same time tomorrow." Etta sighed as Fred started to talk into 
the phone.

***

When Louise came to she did so in darkness. She felt hard wood trapped 
underneath her limbs and realised she was sitting on a rather 
uncomfortable, cold chair.
       "Hello. I'm Michael and I know there are probably a few basic 
questions you'll want to ask me, Rachael."
       He was close. Barely a metre away. She panicked on hearing the 
deep voice again and struggled. Her wrists rubbed against tough rope, as 
did her shorts. She was sitting but not of her own free will. Knowing she 
had no other option, Louise sat and waited for her eyes to adjust as 
Michael continued. Not for the first time, she wondered where she was.
       "One of the killer questions I know a lot of people want to ask but 
are too polite to do so is: how do you speak Michael?" he said, mimicking 
a child's voice as he voiced the question. Louise frowned. It was certainly 
a question she'd been pondering. "The answer to that is practise. After 
this happened, I started to look up ventriloquism. It took a very long time 
but me and Gary learnt to throw our voices." 
       Louise's forehead creased in confusion. Who was Gary? That 
wasn't her only new question, why weren't her eyes adjusting? She could 
barely make out Michael's outline. Where on the Set were they?
        "Another question you'll probably have is where are you but I'm 
not going to answer that one." He chuckled. "And one of the more needy 
things you're probably thinking right now is why me? Well, why not?"
"You're crazy!" Louise exclaimed.
"No, I just don't discriminate." he replied calmly. "Any other questions?"
       For a moment there was silence.
       "W-what are you going to do to me?" Louise asked, all other 
thoughts escaping from her mind in the wake of this most important 
relation to her wellbeing.
She wasn't quite sure why she was asking. Did she really want to know 
what this lunatic planned to do to her?
       "I haven't decided yet." Michael replied, in a pondering tone. "I 
mean, pushing a slide on you was fun but you were still smiling by today 
so it can't have been that effective." Louise was right. She really didn't 
want to know. "I'm sure I'll think of something." he said cheerfully.
       Her eyes had adjusted enough to work out the very basic features 
of his face. She could now see his eyes and mouth. After all, the mouth 
was definitely the more memorable part.
	"So, Rach, what shall we do in the meantime?" he asked. Louise 
remained silent. "If you don't say something I'll choose for you."
She still said nothing, unwilling to give in to the criminal but when he 
spoke again she almost lost it.
       "You can move you know." Michael said, the silkiness of his deep 
voice almost masking the hostile intent within.
"No. I. Can't!" Louise screeched, fighting desperately to keep the hysteria 
out of her voice. "If I could move don't you think I'd be legging it out of 
here?"
       He smiled but that was no development. He didn't physically 
appear to be able to form any other expression, judging by the vigorous 
stitches. To work out his true mood, Louise focused on his piercing eyes. 
They seemed to shine through the darkness and possessed a mirthless 
humour that she knew didn't bode well for anyone. He bent down so the 
coarse rope that bound his lips was touching her ear. 
       "I'll prove it to you." he whispered.
       The back of his hand slid gently across her face, pausing to cup 
her cheeks. Louise screwed her eyes shut and only opened them when his 
skin left hers. His hand rested on the edge of the chair and he gave it a 
gentle shove. She let out a yelp of surprise as the cracked mahogany 
plummeted sideways onto the concrete, dragging her with it. Her head 
made contact with the floor. 
       Louise remained immobile for a few seconds, reeling from the 
impact. A warm liquid trickled down her forehead and the metallic tang of 
blood seeped into her open mouth. She spat into the darkness. He 
chuckled thinly, in an eerie manner that only a ventriloquist of his talent 
could manage.
       "You do have a habit of falling for me, Rach." he teased.
Louise groaned. She knew he was referencing the slide incident of which 
the only part he seemed to remember was pushing the playground 
equipment onto her and not his brutal murder of a child. Plus she now 
had a fictional nickname which was almost equally frustrating. 
       Ignoring the bile building up in her throat, she tried to focus on his 
voice. If - no - when she escaped the darkness she wanted to be able to 
stop him.
       "Why are you doing this!?" Louise exclaimed. "What did Scarlett 
Davis ever do to you?" she asked.
"I do hope you're not referring to yourself in the third person." Michael 
replied. "They say that's the first sign of madness."
Louise winced as her head throbbed.
"You're the first sign of madness!" she moaned. "I'm talking about that 
girl you murdered -"
"Which one?" he interrupted.
There's more than one?
"The four year old YOU BASTARD."
"Oh her." the cheerful, almost teasing additional quality to his voice 
disappeared. "I didn't like her smile." he said simply.
"W-what?" Louise gasped.
It seemed like such a trivial reason for murder. 
"It was too genuine." he continued.
"Your Scar doesn't give you the excuse to punish people who can't feel 
your pain!" Louise protested and recited some age old advice. "It can 
make you or break you and you are given some choice in which option 
you take!"
       It was obvious which option Michael had chosen. For a minute 
there was a foreboding silence.
       "My mouth isn't my Scar." he said finally. "Of course, that's what 
Gary always says but he's wrong. He doesn't remember what she did to 
us." he said, the final statement coming out in a monotonous tone. 
It was almost like he had practised speaking in a manner devoid of 
emotion. It was bizarre how he could change from one to the other so 
instantly.
       Louise gaped. How could the boy's horrendously disfigured lips be 
anything but his Scar? She opened her mouth to argue.
        "My mother did this to us. You're not allowed to lecture me." he 
said, guessing her response.
       The pain in Louise's head swelled alongside her disgust. She had 
no reason to believe the psychopath but somehow his words rang true. 
He had little reason to lie as far as she was aware. The bile pushed its way 
to the forefront of her mouth.
       "I - I think I'm going to throw up." she muttered, shifting her head 
so she wouldn't end up resting in her own pool of sick.
The room seemed to tilt as she adjusted herself.
       "Oh yeah, rub it in why don't you!" he shouted, genuine anger in 
his voice.
Louise blinked.
"Huh?" she spluttered.
"Do you have any idea when we were last able to throw up normally?"
       For one moment an image flashed into her head and she 
grimaced. The mechanics of getting anything through the man's mouth 
made her feel even worse.
       "I really don't want to think about it." she moaned.
"Of course you don't. Nobody likes to think about us! Pilford," he began, 
spitting the name. "just dumped us with her and left without a second 
thought!"
Louise groaned in a mixture of pain and confusion.
"What are you talking about?" Suddenly realisation dawned. "Did you kill 
him?"
       It was difficult to make out in the darkness but Louise thought she 
saw Michael shrug.
"Perhaps."
She gasped in horror.
"W-what was his crime? What did he ever do to you?"
Michael let out a bitter laugh.
"He was a pure bred criminal - he did everything to us and then he left!"
"Why was he with you in the first place?" Louise asked, trying to 
understand what the twisted teenager was talking about with such 
venom.
       "Have you ever met his family?"
       Louise felt his breath brush against her cheek. He was close. She 
closed her eyes again.
"N-no." she stuttered. "But I hear they're just as friendly as he is."
"Wrong." Michael said in a sing song tone. "Everything was perfect until 
he left us for a new family. Then mother dearest went mental on me and 
Gary. She thought we needed fixing." 
       Louise frowned, finally some context. She assumed that Gary, 
whom Michael constantly mentioned, had to be the boy's brother. 
       "He didn't even notice until Gary showed up on his doorstep 
begging for help. Well, I say begging, I mean mumbling. That was back 
before we'd adapted to speaking with our lips strung shut - he had to 
write out most of what he wanted to say but my point is that Pilford 
replaced us with them. The only good thing he ever did was sending 
mother to the institution!" said Michael angrily.
"He was your father." Louise whispered.
"And a shitty one too." Michael replied. "Gary's blocked it out since then; 
he likes to think of our little disadvantage as a Scar but it's much more 
than that." 
"Where's Gary now?" Louise asked, the stranger sounded relatively 
sensible in comparison to this lunatic.
Then again, anyone did.
       "Resting." Michael said. "He'll thank me for it later."
Louise's eyes widened with worry.
"What did you do?!" she exclaimed.
Michael ignored the question.
"Gary's always thought he looked after me." he said. "I suppose it makes 
sense. I'm the little brother who has to deal with the absentee parents 
and the schizophrenic mother: I guess he thought I needed a little looking 
after." Louise swallowed. Gary wasn't wrong. "But I'm not the one who 
needs help." Michael continued. "He's doesn't have a clue! He doesn't 
even know what our real Scar is!"
"W-what is it?" Louise asked fearfully.
"Our eyes changed colour." Michael stated. "Mine used to be green. Now 
they're blue. Gary's changed too, just in the opposite way."
       For a second, Louise felt pity for the boy. It was ironic that his Scar 
was such a mild one in comparison to the brutal, physical one his mother 
had saw fit to grant him.
	"Do you have one yet?" he asked.
"No."
"You look old enough to have one, when's your birthday?"
Louise wondered how he could even tell in the present lighting. She 
replied nonetheless. What did it matter? She'd most likely be dead before 
it.
       "In a few weeks." she murmured.
"I'm sorry, I didn't hear you." Michael said in a mocking tone.
"In a few weeks!" Louise replied, raising her voice.
"Well, we'll just have to wait till then. What date is it?" 
       For a moment she said nothing. 
       "Don't make me ask again."
"The seventeenth." she muttered, the psychopath sounded like a teacher, 
which seemed to make poetic sense to her.
"That's next Monday!" Michael exclaimed. "I can't wait! This is going to be 
so exciting!"
       Louise could literally hear him jumping up and down, his shoes 
bouncing just in front of her face. The noise seemed to echo. She 
wondered again about her location.
       "Yippee for you." she whispered.
"And - and then I can kill you! This is going to be so much fun!" 
       The sarcasm died away from her throat and the terror returned. 
Louise let out a strangled sob, unsure of how else to react. She swallowed 
and tried to keep calm, her Scar, the one eventuality whose possibilities 
used to terrify her was now her only asset. She just had to hope she was 
fortunate enough to be blessed with a useful one, such as her skin 
becoming luminous enough to light up the location or growing spikes so 
large that he wouldn't be able to approach her. Now everything was 
down to chance. It was just her, a psychopath and a God that she didn't 
believe in waiting for the inevitable.
       "I can just remember your smile." Michael said suddenly. "It was 
so frustrating, the way you were looking at that girl. Her smile had been 
irritating enough without yours tagging along." 
       Louise said nothing. His voice was suddenly close by again. Her 
eyes had adjusted just enough to the darkness for her to realise that he 
was lying on the floor, his eyes staring into hers. 
       "Perhaps I could carve it up?" he mused, clearly talking to himself. 
"I could keep your smile permanently upside down if I use the right kind 
of knife technique." Louise shuddered at the thought but then Michael 
sighed. "But it will take me forever to get it right." She relaxed a little. 
Maybe that meant he wouldn't try anything. "I suppose I'll just have to try 
it out on a few other people first." She tensed again as he pushed up off 
the ground and stood. "Yeah, I like that. Practise makes perfect."
"You're a psychopath." Louise muttered.
His eyes locked onto hers.
"No." he replied. "My reality's just a little different to yours.
       "This is your schedule." he announced. "I want you to repeat after 
me. Michael will carve my smile upside down,"
"Michael will carve my smile upside down." Louise repeated reluctantly.
"and then he'll burn me in hell."
"A-and then he'll burn me in hell." 
       The calm, cheerful nature of his tone was almost as terrifying as 
the context of his speech.
       "You didn't say it right! I want no s-s-stuttering." Michael 
commanded.
"And then he'll burn me in hell." Louise said again, struggling to keep her 
voice steady.
"That's better." His hand went to hers which was still strapped to the 
chair tightly by the ropes around her wrists. He shook it with surprising 
gentleness. "Then it's a deal."
	He let go and strode across the room, his footsteps echoing into 
the distance.
"You can't leave me here!" Louise shrieked after him.
He chuckled.
"It wouldn't be the first time."
       His voice carried in what Louise assumed was a cavernous room 
judging by how his footsteps reverberated. Other than that, she was still 
clueless as to where this dark location was. She wondered how Michael 
could even see the door as he left. No light seemed to come from it either 
which meant there was no portal nearby. Part of her dimly wondered if 
she had been confined to a retreat.
       Louise wondered what time it was. Being knocked unconscious 
twice in one evening had skewed her body clock pretty instantaneously. 
She thought back to her family and Imogen. They would get her out of this 
place; they had to be looking for her. Right? But how would they know 
where to look? Louise was lying there and even she didn't know! 
       She closed her eyes. Regardless of how time had passed, or 
whatever time it remained outside of this strange place, she was tired. 
She wanted to sleep but that was easier said than done with the thoughts 
of a frown being carved into her face. Michael knew how to mutilate 
effectively; she knew that much from being at the playground at the 
wrong time. 
       The terror of being burnt alive also kept her alert. Louise was sure 
that if there had been light in the room, her vision would have been in 
high definition due to her peaking stress levels. 
       Hot tears streaked down her cheeks and dripped onto the ground. 
They were almost a comfort, given how cold the air of the room was. 
Michael had to do something about the place's temperature if he didn't 
want her to freeze to death first. To be honest, Louise would be glad if 
that did happen; it would mean that she could escape the more painful 
options of leaving this life. However, none of this thinking was helping her 
sleep. 
       She started counting in her head as her mother had once advised 
on a night of insomnia. The thought of Elizabeth was welcome in such an 
unfamiliar place and soothed her more than the actual numbers. Louise 
could even remember some of the sums her mother used to carry out on 
her paperwork. The friendly context did more for her emotions than the 
hard maths. She had learnt most of her maths skills from her mother and 
was equally adept at the subject. Simply put, Elizabeth had been an 
accountant so she had known what she was doing. The talent for numbers 
had been passed down through the family.
       Louise still didn't understand how her parents had met. Her father 
was a simple factory worker and her mother had been a highly paid pen 
pusher. Louise had faint memories of asking when she was younger but 
had been told it was a little too much for her to understand at the time 
and that she should ask again when she was older. Now her mother was 
gone Louise didn't dare ask her father how they had initially met, knowing 
that it would remind him all too well of how they parted. It was as Louise 
thought of her mother that her eyes began to close and she finally began 
to drift into an unconsciousness of her own choice.



































 6


Louise was awoken at god knows what time by the sound of footsteps and 
dragging. The room seemed ten times colder which, initially, she hadn't 
thought possible. Her teeth, which seemed to be the only part of her 
asides from her head that wasn't too numb or strapped down to move, 
started chattering. The feeling of foreboding was not helped by the sound 
of something being ominously scraped across the floor.
       "H-hello?" she half whispered, half cried, desperately hoping that 
someone had found her.
"Hello." replied the deep voice. Louise groaned. It was Michael. He 
ignored her response. "It's a lovely day outside. You'd like it. There's 
snow." he told her. She remained silent. "It's been falling for a while 
now," he continued. "it's really quite pretty, like you." 
She frowned at the sudden topic change, what was with the compliment? 
       "Anyways, that's why it's so cold in here." he said. 
       There was another long pause and a further loud scraping sound 
followed. Louise shuddered at the noise but assumed he was dragging up 
a chair to perch on in the darkness. Of course there were plenty of other 
things that the scraping could potentially mean; she simply chose to 
believe the more pleasant option. 
       "You probably can't tell in this lighting but I'm wearing at least 
two jumpers right now." he told her. "You must be freezing." 
"W-why do y-you care?" Louise stuttered. "I-I'm going to d-die here a-
anyways."
"Not from the cold." Michael said firmly.
 He strode towards her.
"S-stay away from m-me!" she shrieked.
       He ignored her protests as usual. They both knew it was far too 
late for that. He placed something warm on top of her shivering figure. It 
was a blanket. He returned to what Louise assumed was a chair.
       "You're a lot prettier when your face isn't blue." he commented.
"W-what? D-do you have n-night vision or s-something?" Louise 
questioned, still stuttering heavily.
"Nah. I'm just good at guessing."
"W-why are y-you here? I-I thought you weren't c-coming back until -"
"Until it was your birthday? I got bored." Louise tensed. Whatever that 
meant, she doubted it was good for her. "So I came here for lunch. 
Figured we could have a chat."
       Louise's stomach growled. So that was the time. She promptly 
closed her mouth. She had no reason to talk to him but that didn't seem 
to stop him from talking to her. It was one of the strangest monologues 
she had ever heard, given the current context. She knew her English 
teacher would've had a field day. It sounded a little like a diary entry.
       "Work was really boring today. The lower floor was still cordoned 
off for investigation. A policeman is still snooping around the building for 
a culprit, apparently. Fortunately he can't just accuse me off the top of his 
head. That would be racism. Anyways, I'm too good at disposing the 
evidence for an idiot like him. Everything I still have is kept nice and safe 
in here."
        Louise tensed underneath the warming blanket. The feeling was 
slowly returning to her limbs as well as the ache of being rigidly strapped 
to the chair but her thoughts were too busy considering Michael's words 
to recognise the dull pain. Did that mean that this room contained 
something other than her, or was he simply referring to her kidnap? Did 
this strange place have bloodied weapons or, even worse, bodies lying on 
the floor that she would soon be joining? Louise was suddenly terrified to 
even twitch on the spot.
       Michael simply continued talking. He did so for ten minutes at the 
most but to her it felt like at least half an hour. After a while she started 
to get so irritated with the mundane activities of his day that she finally 
snapped out a question of her own.
       "What's your job? Other than murdering people."
He chuckled.
"Well you just described priority number one right there. My second job is 
at Unison. I'm a member of the emergency team." Michael told her. 
       Louise swore quietly. 
       "Hey! That's not very nice." She heard a ruffling noise that she 
assumed was him folding his arms. "I'm an important part of this 
community!"
	She sincerely doubted that. If he was part of the emergency team 
he was one of the people who dived through Unison portals to extract 
recently Scarred people from their homes, that is, if the number was 
called. It could've been him that Damien saw when he first became 
magnetised. This murderer could go anywhere he wanted with a ready-
made excuse for his sudden appearance. Portals gave transport but rarely 
excuses for kidnapping people. 
	"What do you do when you're not at school or nursery?" he 
asked, trying to make further conversation.
Louise opened her mouth to answer but then stopped. Why was she even 
considering talking to him? This maniac had murdered a child in front of 
her eyes and she had a nasty feeling that the girl hadn't been his first 
victim. Louise wasn't going to make idle chit chat with the teenager for 
the sake of preventing his boredom. Boredom was a mild punishment for 
his actions but for now it was all she could give him. She remained silent.
	"Oh come on!" he moaned. "You're so boring." Louise said 
nothing. "I guess I'll have to find another way to entertain myself." he 
said.
She could hear the smile in his voice and dreaded to think of how he 
would do so.
       "Wait!" she called but he didn't want to hear her.
       The footsteps faded out of the room and Louise was left alone 
with her thoughts. Michael didn't visit again that day. So she slipped into 
unconsciousness undisturbed. 
	Unsurprisingly, she had some rather vivid nightmares that night 
although it was difficult to say whether it was truly night time or not when 
she was kept in permanent darkness. Even the backdrop of her dreams 
weren't set in the light of day. In fact, they were not too dissimilar from 
her current situation except that there were definitely corpses 
surrounding her. She couldn't see them but she could hear Michael's 
echoing laugh and knew that he had murdered her family. A wave of 
liquid seemed to wash through the cave. She could hear it coming before 
the flood hit her - 
       - Louise spluttered awake with a screech. Water was being 
dumped on top of her face and for a moment she thought she was 
drowning. 
       "You know, you're a loud sleeper." Michael told her.
       At his words she yanked herself out of the shadowy dream world 
and realised that he was waking her up. There was no flood. Her family 
was alive for the time being. She was safe. Well, as safe as she could be in 
the presence of a serial killer. 
       Instead of shying her head away from the water she opened her 
mouth and tried to drink as much as she could whilst it dampened her 
blanket. It tasted foul. Where had he got the stuff from? The extreme 
bitterness was unnatural and she nearly spat some of it out before she 
considered how long it would be until she next got a drink. Surviving 
without food was far easier than coping without water.
       "What time is it?" she asked, surprised by the slightly croaky 
nature of her voice.
"Lunch time." Michael replied. She heard the loud scraping, of what she 
hoped was a chair, sound again. "I thought we should make these chats a 
regular thing."
       Louise wanted to swear, she wanted to kick and punch but she 
knew was physically incapable of doing at least two of those options and 
she was also afraid of the response to the first. She was painfully aware 
that she was walking on eggshells around this psychotic stranger.
	For a while they said nothing. There was just the sound of 
munching that felt all too loud to Louise's sensitive ears. It seemed that 
Michael had taken the liberty of bringing his lunch with him this time. She 
could smell the food. It was Cascian salad; the local specialty. There were 
whole bars dedicated to its creation. Ironically, she hated the stuff but 
now its fragrance couldn't have smelt more appealing. She was all too 
aware of how she hadn't eaten for a day. To take her mind off of it she 
warily started up a conversation.
	"How - ahem - how was your morning?" she asked, pausing to 
clear her throat.
"Not bad thanks." he replied in an appreciative tone. "I had to go deal 
with this kid who'd got horns for a Scar." Louise's breath caught in her 
throat. "Relax! I didn't kill him." said Michael. "He was thoroughly 
miserable; I doubt mutilation would've made any difference to his day. He 
was so whiny!"
       She let out a small sigh of relief which somehow turned into a 
giggle. Michael joined in with her escalating guffaws.
       "What about your morning?" he asked.
"W-what - morning?" Louise gasped, struggling to speak through her 
laughter. "I was - sleeping!"
"It didn't look like you were. You kept on moving your head."
Finally her giggles ground to a halt.
"I was sleeping badly." she said.
There was a brief pause.
"What were you dreaming about?"
"My family."
"I saw Gary today." he told her. Louise said nothing. She simply waited 
expectantly for a further explanation, hoping that the murderer's brother 
was still alive. "I made him promise not to tell anyone about anything. 
Only I'm allowed to tell. He's not allowed to leave our flat either. Oh and I 
saw your little friend creeping around yesterday evening."
"Which one?" Louise asked.
"That ridiculous guy with the helmet." Michael said, snorting at the 
memory. "He was wearing this incredibly stupid suit. Even Gary has better 
fashion sense than that!"
"Damien." she whispered in horror.
       Louise almost hoped that he didn't find her. Michael had only 
been talking to her for the past few days and yet she was terrified of him 
and what he was capable of. 
       "He wasn't alone either." Michael continued. "There was that 
short girl with the olive skin and dark red hair?"
"Imogen."
"Yeah, she was with him, plus a guy with this amazingly neon tail." 
Michael chuckled. "I don't know how they think they're going to find me 
dragging him along. I mean, come on!" he exclaimed. "His tail is a dead 
giveaway! What do they do on stake outs?" There was a moment of 
silence as the pair pondered the scenario. Eventually Michael continued. 
"Hey, do you think he has a tail warmer?"
       Louise couldn't prevent the laugh from exploding out of her 
mouth. It was such a bizarre idea but as she weighed up the options she 
realised that it was probably what the man did. She had only met Fred the 
once and his tail was incredibly eye catching in an almost hypnotic 
fashion. How else could he cope with its brightness?
       "Nah." Michael eventually decided. "It would probably still glow 
through the fabric. Don't you worry Rach, they'll never find you."
Louise gulped. She desperately wanted to be found. 
       "W-why not?" she asked, trying to put her fear to one side.
"Well for starters you're pretty well tucked away. It's not like there's a 
lack of caves in Cascian. They won't know where to start!" Michael 
explained proudly.
       Louise allowed herself a small smile, the first she'd truly felt in 
days. She was in a cave. It was not much but it was a start to unmasking 
the details of her mysterious location. It was something. It would explain 
the temperature drop and it would explain the foul water. They were on 
the coast somewhere. However, she also knew that when Michael wasn't 
present the place was silent. There was no sound of waves. She realised 
that she had to be somewhere in the depths of the mountains. The floor 
was cold but not wet which meant they had to be far back enough to find 
an area that wasn't easily flooded. If that was true, Michael had made 
quite a trek for their lunchtime chats.
       "You're really smart." Louise said, hoping that flattery would 
loosen his tongue further.
"No I'm not." he grumbled. "Gary's the smart one." 
       She frowned. It was not the reaction she had expected. She tried 
again.
       "But you brought me all the way here without that policeman 
getting to you. That's got to take some brains." 
       Personally Louise thought it was dumb luck but he didn't need to 
know that.
       "Yeah, I guess. Gary would've planned it so well that the police 
wouldn't have been called in the first place though."
"You're not Gary." Louise said. 
It felt so wrong, almost comforting her kidnapper.
       "I bet you wish I was!" Michael yelled suddenly. 
Louise flinched as a mixture of fear and confusion spread across her face.
"What?" she squeaked as Michael launched into an upset, yet short-lived 
rant.
"Gary's smart and he can cook and he has a better job and the 
receptionist fancies him and - now - you -" Michael took a deep breath. 
"I'm sorry Rachael but you have to learn." he said, a hint of desperation 
added to his voice.
Louise's eyes widened. Was that a threat?
       "Wait, Michael I don't think you heard me correctly." she 
spluttered. "I'm glad that you're not -" 
"Of course you say that now." he interrupted accusingly, his voice back to 
its normal volume. "You love him don't you?"
Louise's mouth gaped open. 
"I've never even met him!" she cried but Michael obviously wasn't 
listening to her anymore.
"He doesn't deserve you."
       There was sound of metal being unsheathed. Footsteps came 
towards her. Louise's breathing rapidly increased as she realised what was 
happening.
       "Michael no!" she gasped. He knelt in front of her. What little 
light was present was reflected by the blade. "PLEASE!" Louise screamed, 
barely registering the tears that trickled down her face.
       He bent down so his eyes were level with hers. For a second the 
light of the dagger reflected onto them and those piercing blue eyes 
seemed to stare right through her. They shone like the orbs Louise used to 
read about in fairy tale books as a child. They didn't seem human. She 
simply couldn't understand the alien cruelty lurking within their depths. 
       Michael tilted the blade towards her and the light flickered onto 
her face. Louise screwed her eyes shut and braced herself. This was going 
to hurt and it seemed like pleading would do little to change the situation. 
Nonetheless, a final beg for mercy escaped her lips.
"Please don't." she whispered, her voice breaking half way through the 
second word.
       He stroked her cheek, gently grazing it with the knife. She held 
her breath.
"I'm not going to now." he said in his deep, surprisingly soothing tone. 
"But I will and I want you to be thinking about this moment, not Gary, 
when I do."
       Louise didn't dare to voice a response. Not when the chance of 
her mouth moving meant that the blade could potentially dig into the 
surface of her skin even further. Part of her feared, rather nonsensically, 
that Michael was a vampire and once he saw the blood he wouldn't be 
able to stop. He couldn't be human to act like this.
       Finally he drew away.
"Breathe Rachael." he said softly. Louise let out a violent gasp. Breathing 
didn't seem to come so naturally to her anymore. "Do you want me to get 
you a bag?" he asked. Louise simply gasped in response. "I'll get you a 
bag." Michael decided and promptly left, leaving her to spiral into the 
darkness. 
       She was painfully aware of the time ticking past but, much to 
Louise's surprise, he was back before she succumbed to the blackness. 
She heard him sit down beside her and hold out the rustling paper bag 
just as she passed out.
	When Louise came to she could feel a rough fabric underneath 
her head. It was moving. It had a similar texture to jeans. Reluctantly, she 
opened her eyes. Her chest still felt tight but it was moving with more 
ease now.
       "Ssh." Michael hissed softly. His voice came from directly above 
her. Louise realised that her head had to be resting on his legs. He gently 
extracted them from underneath her and stayed sitting by her side. "How 
did you two meet?" he asked.
"W-what do you mean?" Louise replied.
His tone hardened.
"You and Gary."
"Uh -"
       Louise decided that it would be better to make up a story than 
remind Michael of the truth. She was ready to begin improvising when he 
spoke. 
       "My parents met at the hospital." 
"Oh."
"Someone had phoned Pilford instead of a real paramedic to deal with a 
certain situation and mum was working the night shift." 
       Once again, Louise heard venom enter Michael's voice when he 
mentioned his parents. As far as he was concerned it was there for a good 
reason. However she didn't trust his warped version of events. 
       "She was a nurse for a while." Michael continued. Louise said 
nothing. It was pretty clear that her input meant nothing at this stage. "I 
guess the idiot thought Bob had the training to deal with it or that he'd 
ask fewer questions. Next thing you know, eyes are meeting over a newly 
dead corpse. Poetic isn't it?"
She wanted to scream. No it was not poetic, not in a million years. It was 
just about as poetic as Michael's treatment of her had been these past 
few days. 
"How long have I been here?" she wondered quietly, not realising she was 
speaking her thoughts out loud.
       "Only three days." he replied. "I know; time flies when you're 
having fun." 
       Louise grimaced. Time flew when you were unconscious half of 
the time. In any other circumstance it passed her by at a very slow crawl. 
       "Actually, that's four days at least if you count when we first 
met." he added fondly. "You are so beautiful but you still need to lose a 
little weight."
       Louise was unable to prevent the huff of disgusted anger from 
slipping through her lips. 
       "Is that why you're starving me?" she asked indignantly.
"Well duh!" Michael exclaimed. "Look at you - you could be so much 
thinner than that!"
       Something in her snapped at his words. Being starved by a 
depraved lunatic was one thing but being starved because said lunatic 
wanted her to lose weight was ridiculous. Louise promptly forgot her 
captor's tendency for violent outbursts and focused on the present insult.
       "I am NOT fat." she protested.
"But you're not thin either." Michael pointed out.
"Why don't you starve yourself then? I'm sure you could be thinner!"
Michael ignored the retort.
"Hey it's not a bad thing. I thought it was kind of cute at first. You're 
pudgy."
Her eyes narrowed.
"I AM NOT PUDGY."
"Round?"
"NO."
"Robust?" 
       Louise opened her mouth to complain again but didn't do it fast 
enough. Michael took the opportunity to continue his line of the 
conversation.
        "But I think being a bit skinnier will do wonders for your health."
"Before you murder me in cold blood." she reminded, sarcasm starting to 
drip into her tone. "Yeah, being super thin will really help your knife to 
work out where my spleen is!"
"I didn't mean it like that -"
"Yes you fucking did!" Louise interrupted.
"Hey," Michael exclaimed. "there's no need to -"
"I have every fucking reason to swear! Get out!" 
"But it's my cave," Michael began. Louise growled. He should've 
considered that before he added her to the place. "all of my stuff is here-"
"I said GET OUT." she shouted.
       His footsteps trailed off into the distance, leaving Louise to seethe 
on the floor wishing that she possessed the mobility to kick the teenager's 
head in. Who was he to decide she should be starved? Who was he to 
decide what her ideal appearance was?
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
 7
       
       
Louise was still awake when Michael returned with the customary chair 
scrape, at what she assumed was lunchtime, the following day. She was 
even more tired than she was hungry and thirsty but this time she had 
some questions of her own prepared.
       "Hello." he greeted.
       He sounded chirpy and almost cheerful. That was a good sign. 
Maybe he would be fairly receptive for the questions.
       "How do you know my grandparents?" Louise asked.
"I work at Unison." Michael replied. "The emergency team gets around. I 
hear things. Plus, my brother works for your grandfather."
       "Have you done this before?" Louise asked.
"This is at least the second time I've had lunch with you." Michael 
reminded her.
"I mean kidnapping." Louise said. "Am I your first?"
She waited patiently for his answer.
"Well, unless you count my brother - yes."
"What's your mother's name?"
"Mary."
"Where is she now?"
"At the Nylian Institution. It's a place for people like her." Michael replied. 
Louise nodded despite the fact that he probably couldn't see her in the 
dark. She'd heard of the asylum. Institution was simply the title. Some 
people said the story of neurotic Nylian was even written in the stars 
although Louise had yet to discover it. 
       "Look, it's great that you're taking an interest in my life but what's 
with all the questions?"
"I just find it fascinating." she lied, hoping he would be buttered up 
enough to, firstly, not draw a knife out on her again and secondly, tell her 
something she could use. "Anyways, it's not like I've got much to do in 
here."
"Fair enough." he agreed.
       "Have you ever been to the institution?" she asked.
"Sometimes. To visit her."
"You said she was schizophrenic . Didn't you and Gary ever get counselling 
or some form of medical treatment to deal with the aftermath? Maybe 
take away your stitches?" There was a long pause. Michael was silent. 
"Why not?" she continued. "You obviously hate what happened. It's part 
of why you're killing people. When did it happen?"
"Gary was almost eighteen around when it happened and I've always 
looked older than him. We knew nobody would believe us. Gary shut it 
out and he doesn't believe it even happened that way anymore. It was 
hard enough getting Pilford to -" Michael trailed off as he thought about 
his father. "- our mum was a nurse, remember? She could stitch us up 
neatly enough for nobody to realise it was causing us pain! Everyone 
thought it was a Scar. I don't know how, Scars are random not genetic. 
They're unique." Michael explained, an underlying bitterness seeping into 
his tone.
        "Gary was able to work out some of the basics like how to clear 
up gangrene. The infection nearly killed him the first time round." he 
added.
"So it happened recently. I can't believe that." Louise said.
"It's the truth!" Michael snapped. 
"But there's no way there wouldn't be safeguards for something like that 
there had to be something!" she protested. "It's just so wrong."
       She didn't like Michael one bit but what he had gone through 
seemed unnecessarily cruel even for someone of his nature.
       "It doesn't matter anyways, that's not why I kill. I don't take a 
knife to people because I have mummy issues!" he exclaimed. "That 
wouldn't make sense."
       Louise thought it was more to do with daddy issues but decided 
not to say anything more on the subject.
       "Then why do you do it?" she asked.
"Because they deserve it and it is fun."
"Scarlett didn't deserve it!" Louise cried.
"You keep on talking about her but I don't see how she's so innocent." 
Michael replied.
"She was four!" Louise reminded.
"So? She was smiling." he retorted.
"All four year olds smile!"
"She had a big smile."
"So what!?" Louise exclaimed. "I had a big smile before you came along!" 
       There was a moment of silence and for a minute she wondered if 
he was going to treat her angry retort as a confession. Maybe he would 
skin her alive for her smile as well. He'd already tried once. She didn't put 
it past him to try again despite his creepy obsession with her appearance 
and non-existent relationship with his brother. 
	"That's - that's really sweet of you. I think that's the nicest thing 
anyone's ever said to me." he gasped. "I took away your smile."
       Louise frowned. She could hear the appreciative smile in his voice 
- more than normal anyways. Having his mouth set in such a permanently 
cheerful expression seemed to do strange things to his vocal chords.
       "It is?" she asked in bewilderment.
"Yeah. I took away your smile." he repeated. "That's - that is really 
something to say." Michael sounded choked up. His reaction made Louise 
feel sick, more so than usual. "Hold on," he said suddenly. "I've got 
something for you. I'll be right back."
"What?" Louise asked apprehensively.
       Anything he had for her couldn't be good (unless it was food) but 
Michael didn't seem to hear her question and his footsteps raced off into 
the distance.
        Despite the weariness weighing down on her amongst the 
darkness of the cave, Louise managed to stay conscious for his return. 
"I-I thought you might like this." he panted.
       Michael plonked himself onto the floor beside her and there was 
a small clicking noise as he flicked a switch. Suddenly there was light. 
Louise closed her eyes at the brightness she had become unaccustomed 
to.
       "Oops!" he apologised and pointed the beam away from her face.
Cautiously, she opened her eyes.
"What - what is that?"
"It's a torch." Michael said in a matter of fact tone. 
       Now that Louise was looking past the direct beam of light she 
could see that his face was illuminated clearly. The shadows the stitches 
on his mouth cast made his appearance horrific in the surrounding 
darkness. The shadows trickled down the crevasses of his lips like oil, 
staining the skin around them. 
       "But that's not what I wanted to show you." Michael added. 
"Look!" 
       He held out a book with his free hand. Louise stared at it 
curiously. The book was a dark blue sunset, clearly showing day fading 
into night with the addition of stars sprinkled throughout the cover. She 
faintly recognised it. The title was a shining constellation. 
       "I-I thought I could read it to you." he said. He almost sounded 
shy. "I saw you looking at it in a shop window once, back before I knew 
you."
       Louise doubted that Michael knew her even now. She had been 
the one asking the questions, not him. He wasn't really interested in 
knowing her. She was his pet. She just lay in her cage looking pretty and 
making some colourful background noise every now and then. The fact 
that he had been stalking her only confirmed the theory. It certainly didn't 
make her any more impressed by his actions but she did remember the 
book. It had seemed to call out to her from the shop window but the price 
was way above her budget, as usual. Most books she longed to own were 
too expensive to be bought without a part time job.
       "Do you want me to read it?" Michael asked.
"Yes. Please." Louise said, not caring about how pathetic her begging 
voice sounded. 
       She needed a distraction, anything to take her mind off of her 
current situation. She didn't care if that meant him cradling her head on 
the bottom of his lap. 
       "Stories of the Stars, by James Morgan." Michael read, shifting so 
he was lying on the floor beside Louise. He held the book up in his hands 
and rested the torch on the ground so they could both see the writing. His 
deep voice was surprisingly soothing. "Uh - do you want me to read the 
introduction?" he asked.
"Yes." she replied and closed her eyes.
He turned the page and began.
       "Ever since I was a child I was fascinated by astronomy. I loved to 
stare up at the heavens and think of heroes rushing from galaxy to galaxy 
and elderly mice making wizards squeal but I had little patience for 
spotting all the patterns in our extensive skies. After all, I was only eight. 
	"My interest grew as I did, although my patience became even 
shorter. Finally my father suggested that I wasn't really interested in the 
stars themselves; I was interested in the stories behind them. Why was 
the Great Mouse called the Great Mouse? How had the Teardrop come to 
be? Most importantly, how could I learn more? 
	"This book is effectively an answer to all the questions I had as a 
child. Learning about the stars is a great form of escapism which I hope 
my readers will take as much pleasure in as I did. I hope - wait, sorry -" 
Michael trailed off. 
"What is it?" 
       Louise opened her eyes. She had previously closed them to help 
imagine the welcome sanctuary of the Set skies but now the calming 
imagery was jolted away from her. 
       She regretted the action almost as soon as she had completed it. 
The book was still in front of her eyes but now she could see the final 
word on the page. Or rather, not see it. The last sentence was splattered 
with dark, dried blood. Michael was attempting to rub the stain away with 
his thumb but he was only imprinting it further onto the page.
       "I'm sorry." he muttered. "I didn't think he'd gotten any on the 
book." 
       A strange noise came from Louise's throat. It was cross between a 
wail and a wheeze and sounded like somebody had stuffed sandpaper 
down her gullet. Overall it sounded wholly unpleasant. 
       "Jesus!" Michael exclaimed. He visibly flinched, the book jumping 
in his hands. "What was that for?"
"S-sorry." she replied, not meaning it in the slightest. "I'm thirsty."
"Well you only have to live with it for one more day." Michael pointed 
out.
"What?" Louise gasped. "I have a week at least! My birthday's not till the 
seventeenth!"
Michael turned so he was staring into her eyes and raised an eyebrow. 
"The seventeenth is tomorrow."
"No! I've been here four days! That is not a week!" she screeched in 
panic. 
He sighed in irritation.
"It's been a week at least! I visited you every day, whether you were 
conscious or not." he told her. "I guess you just lost track of time. I can 
imagine that is easy to do down here."
"So tomorrow I'm -"
"Dead. Yup." Michael confirmed. "I thought we could have a little treat 
before then. Do you want to hear  one?"
"NO!" Louise screamed. 
       Startled by the sudden volume, Michael rolled away from her. 
       "Fine. Be like that. I bet you'll be begging to hear it tomorrow. See 
you at lunch."

***

Damien sighed. It had been a week since Louise had gone missing. Her 
birthday was today and her father was coming home in time for it. He did 
not envy Louise's grandmother one bit. He pitied the woman and he 
wished her the best of luck.
        Fred had managed to get in touch with the Airportal committee. 
It was the only useful thing the detective had done so far in the teenager's 
opinion. Although Damien had grown a little closer to the policeman 
throughout the duration of search, understanding that he was only trying 
to help, he also understood that what help he had supplied wasn't terribly 
effective. The most useful action the man had carried out was forcing the 
committee to reroute the portal to the police station on recognising 
Simon's DNA so that Etta could get the explanation done and over with. 
Then they could promptly continue the search for Louise. 
       Damien currently sat at the chair he'd become accustomed to 
stealing in the police station. It was a bit of a squish. The place was packed 
with volunteer search parties and they had left their stuff in the station. It 
was amazing how much space the bags took up. Most of the groups had 
already set off through the portal prior to the main briefing but a few 
people had stayed behind to provide a little moral support. Damien had 
discovered earlier that they were Etta's co-workers. A little confusingly, 
the two men shared the same name. The most obvious differences 
between the pair were their age and attitude. In fact, they were nothing 
alike.
       Imogen sat beside Damien, pushed up against his arm. Normally 
he would've complained at the sibling's proximity but these days it was a 
comfort to be close to family. It was unnerving how easily Louise had 
been kidnapped and Damien knew that the killer could have easily taken 
Imogen instead. Part of him still grieved for Bob and his sister's innate 
ability to share seats, no matter how small, was welcoming for once. 
       Damien wrapped his arm around her and they waited. Simon 
would be arriving soon. Etta simply stood outside the portal, a weary look 
on her face and Jeremy by her side. It would be any minute now. 
       Suddenly a wheel emerged from the portal, followed by the rest 
of Simon. His outfit didn't look ruffled in the slightest which made his 
facial expression a shocking contrast. He stared at his parents with wide 
eyes.
       "What am I doing here?" he asked.
       Fred dialled the committee's number into his phone and walked 
out of the main room. 
       "Thank you. He's arrived." he said quietly, leaving the family to 
discuss the issue at hand.
       "Dad?" Simon said. "What's going on?"
       Jeremy gave his son a sad smile. The only advantage of the 
wheelchair that Simon was confined to was that he didn't need to be told 
to sit down. Etta stepped forwards.
       "Louise was kidnapped." she stated. Simon's jaw dropped. Etta 
took the opportunity to quickly continue. "The police don't know who 
could've done it but we reckon it was the same person who murdered the 
child at the nursery."
"Probably the same person who murdered Bob, judging by the similar 
methods of mutilation." added Benjamin.
       Finally Simon spoke.
"WHAT?"
Etta sighed.
"Don't you remember our phone call?"
"WHAT DOES THE DEATH OF THAT CHILD HAVE TO DO WITH MY 
DAUGHTER?" he shouted.
       Etta's eyes narrowed and she automatically drew herself up to full 
height which, admittedly, wasn't particularly tall. It was the expression 
that was threatening.
       "SIMON MARLEY INWOOD YOU LISTEN TO ME AND YOU LISTEN 
WELL, SEEING AS YOU SEEM TO IGNORE ANYTHING ELSE THROWN YOUR 
WAY!" Etta yelled, her face reddening considerably. 
       Damien flinched and pulled his sister a little closer to him. He had 
never seen the old woman shout before, not even with the stress of losing 
her granddaughter. 
       "LOUISE COULD BE LYING IN A DITCH RIGHT NOW WITH SOME 
PSYCHOTIC SERIAL KILLER LOOMING OVER HER, OR WORSE SHE COULD BE 
DEAD AND I AM SICK AND TIRED OF SCRAPING YOUR PARENTING SKILLS 
OFF OF THE FLOOR! WE ARE HAVING ANOTHER SEARCH PARTY FOR HER 
TONIGHT AND YOU WILL BE THERE OR SO HELP ME YOU CAN GO AND 
SOB OVER YOUR WIFE'S GRAVE IF YOU REALLY MUST! SHE WON'T BE 
LISTENING!" Etta paused to catch her breath. "I'll only say this once but I 
told you so, dear. Elizabeth would be disappointed if you are too busy 
moping to try and make up for this."
There was a long, awkward silence.
       "Erm - Damien?" said Imogen.
"Yeah?" he replied, glancing down at his sister. "Oh sorry." he said, 
realising his tight hold was probably going to leave a bruise.
He abruptly released Imogen from his grip. The pair stood, awaiting 
Simon's response.
       "What are we waiting for?" he said in the most lacklustre tone 
possible.
       Damien wanted to reply and tell the man that it was him they 
were waiting for but he knew that such an action would just be spiteful. 
Instead he settled for different words.
       "Let's go." 
       He took his sister's hand and approached the portal, entering the 
correct coordinates for the crime scene. It was one of the many 
advantages of being at the police station; they were like a Unison 
emergency team. There was virtually no boundary as to where they could 
go, so long as the location was related to an ongoing case. 
       Damien glanced back at the group behind him. Imogen looked as 
determined as ever, Fred had re-joined them and everyone else simply 
looked reluctantly ready, Simon more than anyone. They were going to 
find her. They had to.   
       Damien was the first to enter the portal, pulling his sister behind 
him. 
"I love it in here." she remarked.
"Huh?" Damien said as they stepped out the other side.
       They moved to the left to allow room for the others to follow.
       "The portal transmission stage is beautiful." Imogen continued. 
"It's where I get my inspiration from, it's never the same."
"Great." Damien rolled his eyes. She was talking about art again. He 
tended to tune out whenever that happened. "Can we focus on finding 
Louise?"
"Okay."
       The others soon joined them, Simon appearing last. Fred strode to 
the front of the group. He was wearing that bizarre "tail shield" as he liked 
to call it. It was like a long sock that somehow muted the vibrant colours 
of his neon tail, preventing its glow from standing out during cases. The 
man had told Damien how he often used it on stake outs when the 
teenager had pointed out the woolly addition to the team. Fred had 
retaliated by pointing out Damien's own custom made Unison outfit. 
	"Same rules as usual. Split into groups, no less than three and pick 
a direction. You know my number if you find anything." the detective 
reminded them. "Good luck."
       Etta, Jeremy, Simon and Ben split into a separate group whilst 
Imogen, Damien, Fred and Benjamin remained. Damien and Imogen's 
parents were spearheading search parties on the other side of town and 
had been doing so for the past week with no luck as of yet. Damien tried 
not to think about how long Louise had been missing for. He occasionally 
caught his sister thinking about it and the expression on her face was 
never a pleasant one. Louise was her best friend. That was the only 
reason he knew who she was; the two were constantly together.
       Each group picked a direction and started walking. Damien was 
glad that he wasn't with Etta and Simon. He didn't want to be in the 
middle of the explosive follow up argument that was simply waiting to 
happen.
	Fred led the way as usual. Benjamin trailed behind eagerly but 
nervously. This was his first time helping out with the search. It was 
obvious to the others that he wanted to be there but he wasn't quite sure 
what he was doing.
       "So -" Damien began, hoping to break the awkward silence 
between them. "Ben."
"Benjamin." the man corrected.
"Right, sorry. What do you do?"
"I'm an independent weapons developer." Benjamin replied 
enthusiastically.
       Damien pondered the meaning of independent in his head. Didn't 
this man work at Unison?
       "Oh." Damien said, settling for the more neutral reply. "Okay."
"I've got a new range coming out soon, I was hoping to get some more 
tips from Etta on how to do a few things but she seems to be a bit 
preoccupied at the moment." Benjamin said wistfully.
       Damien stared at the man. He needed to get his priorities straight.
       "No kidding." he muttered. "You know what we're looking for 
right?"
"Yeah. The terrorist. They've been interviewing people at work, keeping 
an eye out for suspicious people who might have had access to the 
weapon archives."
"Unison has weapon archives?" Damien said in surprise. 
Benjamin nodded.
"Yes but only a few people have the qualifications to actually get at 
them."
"They all have alibis for the bombing." Fred added.
       Damien was surprised anyone could access the company weapons 
without a serious CRB check. It seemed far too hazardous to comprehend 
otherwise. It was no wonder someone had got hold of such an unstable 
model, according to Etta, if nobody at the company had thought to bin 
them. It sounded almost like the bombing had been an accident waiting to 
happen. Except it hadn't been an accident.
       "Louise is more important than the terrorist right now." he 
reminded Benjamin. "We don't know what state she's in."
The man nodded in understanding. The group kept walking.
	"How did you start developing weapons?" Damien asked.
Benjamin shrugged.
"I got interested in engineering at school and did well enough in my 
exams to move on. I was presenting my electronics coursework in my pair 
at a school open day and it won me a scholarship."
"What about the other half of your pair?" Damien questioned.
"Gary?" Benjamin snorted at the thought. "He wasn't really interested. He 
was just lending me a hand seeing as I couldn't find anyone else who 
actually understood my vision."
Damien frowned.
"How do you know that?"
"Because it was Gary!" Benjamin exclaimed, as if such a simple statement 
could constitute an effective answer.
       Damien decided that talking to this stranger was not going to be 
terribly productive and focused on walking for a change. He could see 
Imogen smirking at him out of the corner of his eye and tried to ignore 
her. 
	Damien realised that they were getting close to their house, 
passing all the usual routes and paths that they had traced during many a 
search. Eventually he turned to face Fred. He didn't have to say anything; 
the policeman simply nodded, having already had enough experience with 
the teenager to understand his non-verbal communication. Striding 
forwards, Damien picked an alleyway and led the group down it. The path 
was bordered by large hedges that loomed in the darkness. There weren't 
many stars out this evening and a torch was necessary to explore the 
darker offshoots of path. 
	"How did the terrorist even manage to kidnap her in the first 
place?" asked Benjamin curiously. "She was in your back garden, surely 
that was safe?"
       Damien's eyes narrowed. Was the man accusing him? But before 
he could whip round to tower over the weapons developer, he realised 
that Imogen had beaten him to it.
       "She was in the garden on her own! The rest of us were pretty 
distracted." she snapped.
       Benjamin, who seemed oblivious to the height difference 
between him and Damien alongside the air of menace the siblings now 
held, replied nonetheless.
       "Wasn't there a window looking out onto the garden or 
something? It just doesn't seem very safe or practical to -"
"WE WERE DISTRACTED!" Imogen yelled.
       It looked like she desperately wanted to punch the man but 
valiantly held herself back. Suddenly, a thought occurred to Damien.
       "Wait. Benjamin's right."
Imogen turned on her heel to face him.
"What?" she said, the hint of venom in her voice reminding Damien to 
have a good excuse for siding with the weapons developer.
"If Louise was in the garden then where would the kidnapper be 
standing?"
"Just outside of the fence." Imogen answered.
"No, that's what we've been assuming. If he'd been doing that Louise 
would've spotted him right away." Damien replied.
"She was staring at the sky." Imogen pointed out.
"Yes but he could have been watching from the hedges if he has a real 
stalker tendency." Damien realised. "If he felt comfortable there god 
knows where he could've dragged her."
       Fred frowned at the teenager's deduction, still a little uncertain as 
to the boy's reasoning. Imogen simply let out an angry sigh.
       "Why are we still assuming it's a he? It could be anyone who 
works at Unison!"
"Anyone who's on a low enough floor to have access to the weapon 
archives." Fred reminded. "Etta's the only female employee down there."
"Fine." Imogen grumbled.
"Look, just let me try something." Damien said to the group.
       He turned and dived into the hedges on either side of the path.
       "You're kidding me." Imogen said in an unimpressed tone.
"Someone go crawl through the hedges on the other side." Damien 
instructed from within the fading greenery.
"No! I'm not getting covered in leaves for nothing!" she exclaimed.
"Fine. It'll just take me twice as long then." Damien muttered in response.
"I'll do it." said Benjamin, for once volunteering to be useful. He walked 
over to the opposite hedge and carefully assimilated himself into the 
collection of leaves and branches. "What are we looking for?" he called.
"Anything that seems out of place." Damien replied.
       Fred and Imogen exchanged irritated glances and continued to 
walk. 
       "Slow down!" said Benjamin almost instantly.
       Fred and Imogen restarted their walk at a pace a couple of 
milliseconds slower than the previous one. They heard a sound of 
fumbled rustling from the hedge on their right and a steady pressing into 
the leafy ground on their left. Damien realised guiltily that the action of 
the searching the hedges would have been far easier in the middle of 
winter as opposed to the start but he also knew that they didn't have time 
to wait for the hedges to become bare from leaf loss. Louise's life was on 
the line and they were not going to let her become another victim. Not 
like the others. 
	Crawling through the hedge was difficult to say the least. For 
once, Damien was thankful for his helmet. Its paintwork was getting 
rather scratched but he was simply glad that it wasn't the skin on his face. 
So long as his skin wasn't open to the air he had little reason to worry. For 
the time being he just felt uncomfortable.
	He glanced through a leafy gap to his right to look at Fred and 
Imogen. He couldn't see Benjamin but he could guess where the man was, 
judging by the movement of the hedge. Not for the first time, Damien 
wished that the smallest person of the group, his sister, had volunteered 
to do the hedge scouting. He had a feeling that the action would be easier 
if it wasn't performed by a fully grown man and a near adult teenager. 
       However, just when he was starting to give up and recognise the 
pointlessness of his determined crawling, the action became far easier. 
Damien frowned. It was almost as if somebody had already come through 
the hedge in such a fashion. His eyes widened and he instantly sped up 
through the pre-made tunnel of fading greenery. He raced ahead of the 
others, much to their surprise.
       "Damien?" called his sister. "What is it?"
"I was right!" he shouted back. "Someone's been here before. They 
must've come in here to hide when I ran out of the garden." he guessed.
       He glanced to the left and peered past the brambles. Sure 
enough, there was a rather good view of the street that sat outside of his 
home. He continued crawling and found that he soon had a clear view of 
the back garden on the other side of the hedge. It was unnerving to think 
that someone else could look in on his home with such ease. A sudden, 
sharp pain underneath his knee cut his thoughts short. He cried out.
       "Damien?" Imogen called. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine." he replied, glancing down to inspect the potential damage to 
the fabric. His Unison trouser leg was ripped, including some of the skin 
underneath. He winced and reached his hand into his pocket for the 
solution. His hand clenched on thin air. Damien groaned. "Don't let 
Benjamin or Fred near me."
       He knew his sister would understand. The last thing he needed 
was whatever metal implements the men had flying into his blood.
	Sure enough, Imogen headed towards the sound of her brother's 
voice. Damien pushed his way out of the bush with some difficulty. She 
sat down beside him.
       "Haven't you got any roll?" she asked. He shook his head. Imogen 
shook her own in response but reached her hand down into her own 
pocket. She pulled out a roll of her own. Damien looked up at her in 
surprise. "You've been so stressed lately I thought you might forget." she 
said by way of explanation.
       Damien smiled, ripped off a piece and tied it around the exposed 
flesh. Since his knee was not made of metal the cling film-like material 
didn't vacuum form to its shape but it was a similar thickness to the rest 
of his Unison outfit. They both knew that it would have to do for the time 
being.
       "What did you even cut it on?" she asked.
Damien frowned. That was a good question.
        He reached back into the hedge and gingerly felt about the 
ground. Suddenly his fingers touched what felt like jagged plastic. He 
searched for a less pointy end and pulled it out of the hedge. Imogen 
raised a curious eyebrow.
       "What is that?" she wondered, beckoning the others towards 
them.
       Damien shrugged, waving at Benjamin to extract himself from the 
hedge so he could join the group.
       "Beats me."
       Fred's eyes widened as he set them on the distant object. He ran 
forwards. 
       "Put that on the ground!" he commanded.
"Okay." Damien replied, giving the man a strange look.
       He placed the item down with his gloved hand. Benjamin 
emerged from his section of hedge, stood up and strolled over to the 
group.
       "Oh you've found the corner!" he exclaimed. "Etta will be so 
pleased."
       Fred allowed himself a small, hopeful smile and crouched beside 
it. He reached into his pocket to produce a strange gadget that Damien 
had only had the benefit of observing in the boring police procedurals his 
sister liked to watch in her spare time. He had never particularly 
understood those programmes but now he simply didn't care. He stared, 
transfixed by the object, hoping that it did what he remembered it doing. 
It was Unison technology after all, so it probably did function correctly; 
most technology was from or related to Unison in some way or another 
on the Set whether it was from the local branch or not. Damien was very 
glad that he was wearing gloves.
       Fred simply stroked the surface of the light green LED, turning it 
on, as if for good luck and waved the rod of the remote over the corner, 
touching the soft tip of it to the corner's surface to make an impression. 
He withdrew the remote and waited patiently for the answer to come up 
on the screen. Everybody held their breath. For a moment all was silent. 
Fred examined the display and everyone twisted their bodies to peer over 
his shoulder. Benjamin crouched down, Imogen swivelled around and 
Damien shuffled towards the gadget. 
       All it currently showed was the culprit's fingerprint, which had 
been transferred from the remote end to the screen through the rod's 
gentle impression. The black markings were passed over by a flickering 
line that seemed to glow with power. Damien knew that Unison 
technology was rarely even allowed to break but crossed his fingers 
nonetheless. This was important. This could be the difference between 
life and death for Louise. It was all simply a matter of time. They waited.

PING!

The noise rang out loudly. It was almost identical to that of a microwave 
and Damien almost smiled. It was such an anti-climactic noise considering 
the suspense of the moment. Finally, a name and image appeared 
onscreen. 

Gary Downing

His details appeared alongside the name. They included the culprit's 
home, work coordinates, phone number, age and criminal record. So far it 
was blank but they all knew that such a luxury wasn't going to last for 
long. The details were all typical of the monthly scans their local portal 
was designed to take. Imogen winced at the teenager's Scar, his lips 
looked terrible but her resolve was not softened. That did not give him an 
excuse to get away with murder or kidnapping. However, she did frown at 
the age displayed. He looked so young, barely a few years older than her, 
although his eyes suggested he was of a far older mental age. Part of her 
tried to remember when she'd last had her own scan taken but the details 
escaped her. 
       Fred smiled triumphantly and plucked his phone from his pocket, 
promptly dialling a number.  
       "Hello?" he said. "Yeah it's me. We know who it is. You can start 
phoning the others. Tell them to stop looking, I used the printer." 
       Damien's mouth formed a silent "o" of surprise. Of course, that 
was its name! Printer - short for thumb print.
        Fred nodded in response to words only he could hear.
"You were right; it is someone who works there. We're going to go to his 
house right now. I'm just about to call for back up - do you three want to 
come?" 
He paused, knowing the question was an unprofessional, impractical one. 
However he also knew that once everyone close to the girl knew the news 
he wouldn't be able to stop them making their way to the crime scene, 
especially with Etta's technological skills at hand. 
       In retrospect, Fred realised that he should've had the portals put 
on city wide lock down but he hadn't thought that far ahead. Besides, an 
investigation on that kind of scale would've required months of 
paperwork in order to get the correct permissions and warrants. 
       "Okay, have you got a gu - oh, really? I didn't know your arm did - 
alright! Okay, the coordinates are: 330 456. Just wait in the portal for me, 
okay? It could be dangerous. See you there."
He hung up and began to dial a new number. 
       Imogen stood, lending a hand to help her brother up. She was 
grinning widely. It was a look that Damien returned as the group turned 
and started to stride back towards the town centre's portal which they 
had initially arrived through.
       "Hello, I think we've got him. His name's Gary Downing. I'm going 
to need back up at 330 456, meet me there." said Fred, nodding again. 
"Yes of course I've got it! Shut up Larry you'd better have yours, we don't 
exactly know what we're getting into. I'm not stupid. I'll see you there."
        His hand reached around the edge of his belt to gentle caress the 
smooth black metal that lay there. The gun was simple in design and he 
often got teased for its age but he knew that it was very effective simply 
because of it. The device shot straight and had no targeting software 
implanted into its system. The weapon was often met by a lot of eye 
rolling from his colleagues as they asked him how he could use it and still 
let the tranquilizers hit the culprit he was aiming for. They would often 
sneer and display their superior technological options but Fred would 
simply respond with a grim smile. Unlike them, he would never have the 
technical faults that their weapons were subject to. Fred's aim was 
perfect. He never missed and today wasn't going to be the exception. 
       He preferred the simple guns. He had trained with them in the 
first place after all, before the new designs became popular. This was the 
traditional gun. This was the model that everyone should be using as far 
as he was concerned. The action of pointing it in the right direction 
actually required skill instead of automated technology, for a change. 
When the time came, he didn't want to miss Gary's heart. 
       The group's collective stride began to turn into a sprint. Benjamin 
was nearly left behind as the others sped ahead and it was only 
reluctantly that Fred waited for him to catch up as they arrived at the 
portal. Damien had already inputted the coordinates. This could be it.
       "Are you sure you want to come?" Fred asked.
"If it's important to Etta, then it is to me too." Benjamin replied defiantly.
       Fred raised an eyebrow. The man seemed to idolise the woman 
but he still wasn't entirely sure why.  Jeremy was important to Etta as well 
and yet Benjamin did not seem to hold him in any significant regard. 
       "Alright. Just stay behind me, okay?" Fred raised his voice. "That 
goes for all of you." Damien opened his mouth, ready to protest but the 
policeman promptly cut him off. "I'm the one with the gun, let me do my 
job and make sure that it's safe for you all before you go running in there. 
We don't know what it will be like and we definitely don't know what he 
will be like. We're going in blind."
"What if he's not there?" asked Imogen.
"Then we go to his work place." Fred replied, raising the remote to display 
the coordinates. "I'll go in first. Don't follow unless I tell you to."
       And with that instruction, the group strode through the shining 
portal entrance. They waited together in the mingling colours as Fred 
stepped into the world on the opposite side. Imogen wished that she was 
wearing her watch. She knew it was probably way past the time for the 
portals to be switched off but she also knew that on occasions such as 
this, Fred had the authority to make sure that they weren't. Nonetheless, 
it made her nervous. She had once been in a portal at switch off time 
after a sleepover. She'd been in a dazed stupor and still hated the 
memory of how she'd been flung out of the swirling colours and back out 
onto the cold street. It was a street at random and it had taken almost an 
hour, three phone calls (then her phone charge ran out) and a ride from a 
passing policeman to get her home.
	The moment dragged out for what felt like a painstaking hour but 
was probably less than a minute. Damien glanced down at his sister.
       "You know if you keep squeezing like that my glove's going to 
rip." he told her.
Imogen released him from her clamp-like grip.
"Sorry." she said as Damien attempted to massage the feeling back into 
his limb.
       Imogen glanced guiltily at the offending glove but was promptly 
distracted by a new hand. It was Fred's. He beckoned to them through the 
portal exit. The group exchanged nervous glances. Imogen was the first to 
step forwards and pass through the portal. Slowly but surely the others 
followed. 
       They emerged into the flat, automatically stepping to one side of 
the portal to allow space for the others they knew would soon enter. The 
temperature seemed to drop.
	Imogen's eyes darted about the room erratically as she took in 
the grey apartment. There was glass scattered across the floor, splicing 
her worried expression into fragments. Two barely touched, stone cold 
curries sat on the cracked table top waiting to be eaten and there was a 
foul smell coming from the next room. She wrinkled her nose in disgust.
       "What is that?" she asked.
Fred glanced at her.
"You don't want to know. This place is pretty run down. Gary doesn't 
seem to keep ordinary pets, just maggots."
The group grimaced in response.
"But that smell -" Imogen said. "- it can't just be maggots - can it?"
"You haven't seen the fridge." Fred grimly reminded her. "I've already 
called the forensics team. Something happened here."
"What do you mean?" asked Benjamin. "Gary would never -"
"You know him?" said Damien.
       Suddenly all eyes were on the weapons developer.
"Of course." Benjamin replied. "We went to the same school." He smiled. 
"Gary had this stutter -"
"Why didn't you say anything before?" Fred interrupted angrily.
       How was he supposed to conduct an investigation with 
uncooperative participants?
	Benjamin simply shrugged.
"It didn't matter. He kept himself to himself, always has done. He 
wouldn't do anything like this."
"Your friend has a ten year old stuffed in his fridge!" Fred yelled. Benjamin 
flinched and the others drew back in shock. "Whatever you think he isn't 
capable of - I can tell you that he is!"
"Wait." said Damien.
Fred turned on him.
"What now!?" he screeched, his face turning redder by the minute.
"There were two curries on the table so he had company." said Damien. 
"Maybe Gary wasn't the person who did this."
       Fred turned back to face Benjamin.
"Tell me everything you know about Gary: his friends, his family and don't 
leave anything out!"
       As he spoke, Fred inputted new coordinates into the portal 
keypad. By the time he finished his sentence he was dragging Benjamin 
through. Damien and Imogen exchanged looks of surprise. They had seen 
the policeman fed up before but never angry. 
	They stepped towards the portal to join the pair but were forced 
backwards instead by the familiar sight of Etta, Jeremy, Simon and Ben. 
The siblings jumped.
"I see you beat us to it." Jeremy commented.
       The group stepped to one side of the portal as the forensics team 
started to file through.
       "What took you so long?" asked Damien.
"Technical difficulties." Ben replied.
       There was a moment of awkward silence as Damien and Imogen 
waited for the portal to empty. The forensics team were currently hauling 
through their equipment. It did not possess the luxurious light weight of 
Fred's Printer.
	"What kind of technical difficulties?" Imogen asked, in an attempt 
to make polite conversation whilst her brother lent the strangers a hand 
in dragging their equipment through.
"Weak portal connection." Simon said.
	For a moment the group seemed to forget why they were there as 
they watched the large machine enter the room. Etta smiled 
appreciatively at its bulk and Imogen turned her eyes to the floor so her 
panting brother would have more difficulty roping her into helping out. 
Finally Simon spoke.
	"Whose flat is this?"
"The apartment belongs to Gary Downing." Damien gasped, dragging the 
machine to a rest.
       The forensic scientist nodded at him in thanks whilst Etta and 
Jeremy's eyes widened at the familiar name. 
       "Don't worry." Imogen said, taking note of their shocked 
expressions. "He's not here and it might not be him anyways."
Before the group could respond Damien grabbed his sister's arm.
       "Come on, they're probably waiting for us."
	He pulled her past the swirling colours, yanking her into what he 
assumed was Gary's workplace. It did not look particularly menacing for 
the site of a potential serial killer. The office walls were covered in pieces 
of fabric and the half-finished designs of the day were pinned to them. 
The place was alarmingly colourful but otherwise that was its only 
alarming aspect.
	Fred and Benjamin were nowhere to be seen but they were easy 
enough to overhear. The siblings followed the sound of their voices.
       "Why do you keep asking me that!?" Benjamin exclaimed. "He 
lost virtually all of his friends after his mum left."
"You said he didn't have any parents!" Fred said in an exasperated tone.
It sounded like he had given up shouting. His voice was hoarse.
"Everyone has parents." Benjamin pointed out in a matter of fact tone. 
"His just didn't stick around, I think."
	Damien and Imogen turned the corner of the desk to face the 
pair. Fred glanced at them and flung his hands in the air.
       "Finally!" he exclaimed.
"Is there anything useful here?" said a different voice.
Damien and Imogen turned to find Etta behind them.
"I don't know!" Fred cried, pressing his long, curled tail to his forehead in 
despair. "He won't tell me anything useful! Where are the others?"
"They stayed behind with the forensics team dear." Etta replied. She 
turned to appraise Benjamin. "You know Gary don't you? Jeremy 
mentioned that Gary had certainly heard of you."
Benjamin looked a little sheepish at the sudden attention she was paying 
him.
"Well we did work together - a bit -"
"Surely he was daunted by your professionalism?" said Etta. She ignored 
the incredulous stares that the others aimed at her. Fortunately, Benjamin 
appeared to be oblivious as usual. His eyes were focused on Etta. 
"Working with someone like you dear, must have been a treat."
"Well, he was a little shell shocked at first." Benjamin admitted. "But he 
did open up to me eventually."
"What did he say?" Etta asked, casting a side glance at the others.
They were all waiting expectantly for a clue. Something, anything that 
could help them find Louise.
       "Well, he talked about his brother a lot." Benjamin replied.
"His brother. Okay." Fred muttered quietly, flipping out his notepad and 
pen.
       "I never met him but apparently Michael was keen on the 
workings of the lower floors."
"Michael - that name sounds familiar." said Etta. "Perhaps we should visit 
the basement?" she suggested. The group nodded in agreement and Etta 
began to lead the way. "Is the area still cordoned off?" she asked as they 
opened the door and strode down the corridor.
"Yes." Fred replied.
She smiled.
"Not for much longer, dear."
       Etta toted her arm and marched towards the stairs.
"How many employees have you interviewed?" she asked.
"Everyone on the bottom and ground floor."
"So you talked to the receptionist?"
Fred frowned.
"Yes. What does she have to do with anything?" he asked.
Etta smiled.
"I hope you paid close attention to what she told you. Reception is this 
company's eyes and ears minus the CCTV cameras. She sees everyone and 
everything come and go, dear. She will have noticed something." the old 
woman explained.
       Fred's forehead scrunched up in deep concentration as he 
attempted to remember the interview. He knew it couldn't have been 
that long ago but he was nothing if efficient and the speed at which he 
conducted interviews often blurred the details of his memory. 
Automatically, he held up his notepad and started to flip through the 
entries.
       "What's her name?" he asked.
"Vicky." Damien replied. The others looked at him in surprise apart from 
Imogen. "What? She's nice. I saw her for a while after I first got my Scar."
	It did not take Fred long to find the receptionist's entry but he 
found that he had written very little of use on the page. In fact, the only 
detail he had taken down was her full name: Victoria Williams, so he 
would be able to look her up on the records later if necessary. He scoured 
his memory for why he had written so little and finally remembered.
	"She didn't say anything useful!" Fred groaned. "She just went on 
and on about this guy she very obviously liked the look of and how he 
never went out for lunch. Apparently yesterday she saw him with a 
stargazing book and was very impressed by his ability to appreciate 'the 
little things in life'." Imogen gasped. "What?" Fred snapped.
"It could just be a coincidence but was it Stories of the Stars?"
"I don't know. She wasn't that specific." Fred grumbled. "Why does it 
matter?"
Etta gasped in realisation.
"Louise loves stargazing." she and Imogen chorused.
Damien glanced at the pair and repeated his sister's earlier sentence.
"It could just be a coincidence."
"Coincidence is all we've got." said Fred.
        He grabbed his phone and a small card from his pocket.
"What are you doing?" asked Benjamin.
"Calling Vicky."
"You got her number?" Damien said in disbelief.
Fred rolled his eyes.
"Her business card was the first thing she gave to me. Vicky is a wannabe 
entrepreneur." he muttered.
"You make that sound like it's a bad thing." Etta sighed.
	As Fred dialled the receptionist's number the group came onto 
the second flight of stairs. Even Etta was starting to genuinely wish that 
they had taken the lift but she was not willing to risk it. Who knew what 
might meet them? The killers she had heard of killed for convenience: to 
settle a score, for revenge and to show who was really in charge. 
Someone like that would surely take the lift. Besides, the stairs were good 
exercise for her even if she disliked the action of descent. However, what 
Etta found she truly feared was what a killer could stash in a lift. They 
knew for certain that this one was not afraid to use bombs so unstable 
that the culprit himself could be killed. That meant that the man was not 
in his right mind, which meant that he was the worst kind of 
unpredictable murderer. He could and would do anything if he felt like it. 
       Etta almost stumbled but Damien caught hold of her arm. 
"Thanks." she muttered.
"No problem."
       By her reasoning, it meant that the killer could use the stairs if he 
felt like it. If he was still here.
	Etta reluctantly kept moving. They didn't have much further to go 
until they passed the weapons archive. Etta desperately wanted to re-
examine the area. Privately. She knew that her current companions were 
reasonably trustworthy but already one person had got his hands on the 
code to open the portal and they couldn't afford another mistake. 
Besides, she needed to be alone to think and most definitely did not trust 
Benjamin anywhere near the vicinity.
	As the group passed the empty copper frame, Etta doubled over 
panting. The action was only partly an act by this point.
       "Are you okay?" Imogen asked.
"I just need a bit of time to catch my breath dear. You lot keep moving; I'll 
be down in a few minutes."
"If you're sure." Damien replied uncertainly, a look of concern on his face.
       Fred simply looked impatient. He led the group promptly out of 
Etta's field of sight. She waited a little longer as her field of sight wasn't 
what it used to be, before straightening. She turned to face the empty 
portal whose frame merged with the wall. 
       It always caught her off guard: the way its centre was so dull and 
vacant. She was used to seeing life dance through such gateways but this 
one appeared temporarily blank and devoid of such beauty. The only 
difference in viewing it today was that this time there was a piece of 
police tape stretched across the framework, passing from one side to the 
other. She smirked. An officer wasn't allowed in without an employee's 
supervision. Nobody was, especially without signing a waiver or contract 
of some form. Those were the rules.
       Etta stepped forwards and brushed aside some of the less secure 
tape. It was flimsy but the portal keypad was not. She typed the code in 
with a brief flick of her well trained fingers and the colour returned to the 
empty frame. Etta promptly walked through as the minute countdown 
began. She stepped into the store room and sighed happily. It'd been a 
long time since she'd last had reason to visit this wonderful, terrible place.
       Behind her there was a loud beep, not dissimilar to that of a 
microwave, as the countdown reached zero. The portal emptied itself of 
life once more in a fluid sucking motion. Etta ignored it and slowly started 
to walk.
       There had been many new additions to the place: most obviously 
the filling of the room's top shelf, which was most impressive considering 
the size of it. Part of Etta wondered if that was due to Benjamin's arrival. 
He did make products at a rapid speed. 
       She allowed her eyes to wander from rusty weapon to weapon, a 
little puzzled by the large dents in some areas. They were clearly caused 
by the actions of other weapons going off. She assumed some unlucky 
idiot had left the line briefly but had returned in the same millisecond and 
the bullet had lost its target. She was sure never to stray from the 
designated blue light path. 
       It was difficult to miss in the dimly lit room but intrigue often led 
strangers astray. Etta was no stranger. She knew the paths off by heart. 
After all, it had taken many years for the company to trust her with legal 
access to the archives. She'd heard talk from the other engineers that the 
best test to prove your worthiness of access was to walk through the 
room with your eyes trained only on the guiding lights by your feet. Etta 
had quickly been able to disprove that theory. For starters, you had to be 
allowed access in the first place to complete such a test. When she had 
pointed this out the men had simply insisted that somewhere within the 
building there was a training room built for such purposes. Etta had never 
found it. Instead she had found that the process of access was far more to 
do with how long, how hard and how well you worked; although her 
handling of portals also contributed towards her eventual access.
       Etta listed the names of the models under her breath; wonder 
subsiding as she searched the sea of labels for the model she was after: 
the bomb that no one should have touched. Finally, Etta came to the 
place where she knew it was supposed to be. The space was empty. That 
in itself was unsurprising given the events of the past few days. What truly 
shocked her was the fact that now the entire shelf was empty; clean of 
both weapons and dust (both elements being the sign of a promising 
weapons archive, plus extremely strong shelving material to withstand 
any potential accidents). 
       Etta's hand grasped at her pocket, searching the fabric for her 
phone. Fred had insisted that everyone on the search should be able to 
easily contact each other. She dialled his number and raised the phone to 
her ear
       "Alfred Jackson!" she hissed.
"Etta! Where are you?" he asked. "We've been waiting at the bottom of 
the stairs for ages!"
"I'm in the weapon archives." she stated and waited for her words to sink 
in.
It didn't take long.
       "WHAT ON THE SET ARE YOU DOING THERE!?" Fred yelled down 
the phone.
"How long has the shelf been empty?" she asked, ignoring his question.
"YOU KNOW THE DANAGEM BOMB IS MISSING -"
"No. It's not just that." Etta interrupted. "The entire shelf is empty."
"WHAT!?"
"Get up here and I'll show you. I'll let you in dear but only you. The others 
won't even notice the blue line." she sighed.
Fred seemed to ponder this for a moment and then spoke.
"I'm on my way."
       Etta hung up and placed her phone back into her pocket. 
Whoever the killer was, he had been here more than once: the question 
was how? Because of the investigations, access to the archives had 
become even more restricted. It would take a truly talented engineer to 
tamper with such a system and Etta was getting far too old for that kind of 
experimentation. There was no way anybody except Mr Fisher could 
access the room - unless - the killer's portal was somehow connected to 
it? Etta frowned. Surely that was impossible? But then again, if no one 
ever strayed from the path how could they know? Etta rethought the 
murderer's position. He was unpredictable, he wasn't afraid of death and 
he certainly wasn't afraid to get his hands dirty. A man like him couldn't 
care less about the dotted line of the cloaking field.
       Etta glanced at the contents of the shelves around her and reeled 
off the names of the models that surrounded her. It soothed her and 
simultaneously kept her aware of the danger.
       "AK 56, shoots the first heat signature it senses outside of 
cloaking; the catapult rifle, is attracted by haemoglobin and knows how to 
find it; Abby 2.0, has a nasty scissor kick -"
       The list seemed never ending. Etta trailed off as she gently placed 
one foot outside of the cloaking path. She touched it to the part of floor 
she predicted was the lowest risk spot and yet she was also aware that 
there were at least twelve chances of being hit by bullets from the G37D 
and several more chances of being skewered or burnt alive. The only 
advantage of the empty shelf was that it would provide shelter for her if 
she moved fast enough. Etta swallowed and moved her other foot out of 
the pathway. She was fully uncloaked. Then everything happened at once.
	A loud banging came from the wall, Etta whipped her head round 
and realised it was coming from the other side of the portal. It had to be 
Fred. Sure enough, her phone buzzed in her pocket. He was a very 
impatient man. However there was one advantage to the distracting 
nature of his noise, it allowed her to spot the missile from the second, 
larger model of the G37D hurtling towards her from the other side of the 
room. Etta sprinted behind the empty shelf, sat down at its centre and 
crossed her fingers. As she did so she heard another twelve clicks come 
from behind her. Those were probably the other chances of death she had 
initially predicted. She wondered if she would be as lucky as the killer to 
survive.
	Etta cast her mind back, trying to remember the training she had 
been given on first entering the room with a company member. Normally, 
if you wanted to move somewhere outside the restrictions of the line a lot 
of paperwork had to be filled out and then new light paths were inserted 
into the room very, very carefully to allow further mobility. However, 
most of what she had been told was to never make such actions 
necessary. Never leave the dotted line, always keep the blue lights in your 
sight and perpetually stay within the field of the cloaking path. There had 
been no information about what to do if you disobeyed the instructions, 
only numerous health and safety videos about accidents in the past, 
designed to scare you into rigid obedience. Generally, it had worked well 
but now Etta had no option but to pray that the shelving was made out of 
a strong enough material. She crossed her fingers as several explosions 
rocked the firm metal that she sat behind. Even if the material did hold in 
terms of structure, there was nothing to prevent her from being squashed 
beneath it if the shelf fell. 
       "ETTA YOU LET ME IN THIS SECOND! WHAT ON THE SET IS 
HAPPENING IN THERE!?"
       Etta found that she could no longer ignore Fred's frustrated 
yelling from the other side of the portal. She grabbed her buzzing phone 
and was about to answer his call, ready to pass on the message that she 
loved her family and that nobody should be blamed for the clumsy 
mistakes of an old woman. Then she saw it.
	A portal, almost alien in its small size, stood proudly. It's size 
made sense. Whoever had created it didn't want anything too large to 
shoot through the entrance. The portal was colourful but lacked the 
element of life that Etta so often looked to the technology for. It was 
etched into a distant wall and was most importantly: open. Etta supposed 
that there was no need for it to be closed when no member of personnel 
except her was stupid enough to leave the line. 
       She got to her feet and her muscles tensed. She was ready to run 
but stepped forwards to promptly find Abby 2.0 standing by her side. The 
robot was alarmingly still, casting an eerie shadow in the faint blue light of 
the cloaking path, whose glow still reached behind the shelf. For the 
moment Etta was lucky, Abby's head was looking in the wrong direction. 
She obviously couldn't sense her potential victim.
	Part of the reason Abby had been put out of commission was 
because of how life-like she appeared. It felt wrong to refer to the robot 
as an "it". She looked like a human killer. They'd had to destroy her sister, 
the original model, because of her lack of programming restraints. Abby 
1.0 had been the inhuman equivalent of the serial killer Fred was trying to 
pin down now. The robot's appearance had been based on that of the 
designer, in a way of thanks to the woman's genius. Needless to say, the 
gesture backfired spectacularly and she was dead a day before the 
product's launch on the company market. 
       Abby 1.0 had been too dangerous to put in the archives; there 
was nothing to stop her from simply walking into the cloaking field. After 
all, a robot had eyes. The only reason Abby 2.0 could be stored away was 
because her eyes had been removed. She'd never had the luxury of sight, 
simply extraordinary sensors. However, those sensors had been 
dramatically underestimated by the rest of the team and it wasn't long 
before the robot had gone on yet another indiscriminate rampage 
through the lower, locked down levels of the company. Etta remembered 
that day all too well, she was the only engineer who'd had a working 
weapon with them at the time. She gave her arm a gentle pat and then 
winced as she registered the potential repercussions of her actions. 
       Abby's head turned round. All the way round. She was facing Etta 
and even without her eyes the old woman could feel the robot seizing her 
up. Abby's right thigh twitched. Etta knew what that meant and started to 
run. The leg whipped into the air in a fluid, scissor-like movement, 
narrowly missing where Etta had stood only moments before. The old 
woman sprinted, not daring to look behind her. She could hear Abby 
walking, her clomping footsteps ringing out as they connected with the 
floor, like a collection of rusty tuning forks. She could hear several more 
clicks, the sound of more weapons locking onto her. These would 
undoubtedly have tracking settings; it was painfully apparent from the 
difference in the pitch of the clicks. 
       Etta glanced at her robotic limb knowing that there was no way 
she could fight off such hoards of machinery armed with only a few 
tranquilizers. She no longer cared where the unfamiliar portal would take 
her. She simply wanted to be out of the archives so she could type in the 
close code and prevent any further damage. 
       She dived at the portal and the colours consumed her. Etta barely 
registered them as she came out on the other side, dashing into a sudden 
darkness. Confused by the change in lighting, Etta fumbled around the 
portal frame. She groped for a keypad, eventually found it and typed in 
the emergency code. Every portal possessed one but very few people 
knew what the universal code to shut the portal in question down was. 
Not for the first time, Etta was thankful that she was a respected 
engineer. The portal closed and she slid onto the floor, gasping. 
Reluctantly, Etta reached for her phone. She supposed that she should 
probably set Fred's mind at ease.
       "Hello?"
"Mrs Inwood, what is going on?"
She was surprised to note that it was Damien who spoke.
"Change of plan." the old woman replied. "Oh and don't call me that dear, 
my name's Etta."
"Give it here!" said a muffled voice.
       There was the faint background noise of squabbling and finally 
Imogen's voice came through.
"Are you okay? We heard explosions!"
"I'm fine dear. It's just as well I didn't let you lot through. It's not safe in 
there anymore."
       Further squabbling echoed through the phone and this time Fred 
got his hands on the device.
       "What the hell just happened?"
"I left the dotted line."
He groaned.
"How are you still breathing?"
"There's a portal behind one of the shelves. Somebody's been coming and 
going through that room fast enough not to be noticed by too much of 
the equipment." Etta explained. "I ran for it. I was lucky. I can still give you 
the entry code if you want but I wouldn't recommend it."
"Where are you?"
"I don't know but it's dark. I need you to trace my phone signal."
"No need." he replied. "Can you see the portal coordinates?"
"It's dark." Etta repeated.
"Use the light of your phone then!" Fred exclaimed.
       She held up her phone screen to the top of the portal. Sure 
enough, the coordinates were engraved into its surface. 
       "You can't come through the portal." Etta reminded. "You could 
let the weaponry through."
"Only if I enter via the archives. Just tell me the numbers; I know some of 
the regional codes off by heart."
"810, 440, 456." Etta recited. Fred gasped. "What is it?"
"You're under Settling hill."
Now it was Etta's turn to screech.
"What!?"
       There was some fumbling of the phone and she guessed that both 
Imogen and Damien were pressing their ears to its side as Fred spoke. She 
could imagine that Benjamin was simply standing there, waiting to be 
given the important information. 
       "Look, we'll come to you. For the moment just stay there -" 
Fred's voice faded out.
"What?" Etta asked. "I can't hear you."
"- and keep quiet. There's a chance he might still be down there."
"Okay." she agreed.
"Be careful." Fred warned.
"My arm is locked and loaded Alfred. I'll be fine."
"See you in a few." His voice started to trail off as he aimed it at 
somebody else. "No Damien you aren't coming, the same goes for you 
Imo -"
He hung up.




















 8


Louise couldn't sleep. She didn't particularly want to try. She had spent 
the last several hours painstakingly counting the seconds of the passing 
minutes. She had nothing better to do and it passed the time, distracting 
her from the gnawing ache in her stomach. According to her calculations 
it was already lunchtime and Michael was late. He was never late. 
       It would be her birthday in a few hours' time and he was nowhere 
to be heard. For the first time since her kidnap Louise felt hopeful. Not by 
much but there was a distinct glimmer of it. Then she heard footsteps and 
the hope rapidly diminished, leaving her with a sick sense of dread. 
       "H-hello?"
       She frowned. That wasn't Michael's voice. It was higher pitched, 
squeakier and in general the person sounded afraid.
       "Who's there?" she rasped. 
Her voice was so croaky that she could barely speak.
"O-oh god." the stranger stuttered. "W-what has he done to you?"
"Who are you?" Louise asked faintly as the footsteps came closer, 
accompanied by torch light.
"I'm Gary and I am so sorry about my brother."
       Louise smiled in relief but winced as the light hit her face. The 
stranger dropped the torch and knelt beside her, going to untie the ropes 
that bound her to the chair. Louise had little strength left in her limbs and 
as he released her hands they simply flopped onto the ground. 
       "C-can you move?" he asked.
"I don't know." she replied quietly.
"Okay, I'm going to support your back and you're going to try and sit up in 
three - two -one!"
       With the help of an extra pair of hands, Louise managed to move 
out of the uncomfortable rigidness of the chair position that she had been 
strapped in for the past week. Gary grabbed a bottle of water from his 
trouser pocket and held it up to her lips. Louise wrapped her weak hands 
around it and gulped the entirety of its contents down. The blanket slid 
from her back. Suddenly it was a lot easier to clear her throat.
       "Thank you." she said, her voice a lot less croaky.
"No problem." Gary replied. 
"How did you find me?" she asked.
"It doesn't matter. Let's just get out of here. Do you think you can walk?"
Louise shrugged as Gary picked up the torch.
"I can try."
	He took her hand and she stood, partly lifted by him. Her legs felt 
wobbly to say the least and she nearly fell. 
       "I don't think this is going to work." Gary muttered as Louise 
swayed in front of him.
"Well w-what do you suggest?" she asked in a faint voice. Gary rolled his 
eyes and tucked his arms beneath her legs, lifting her up into his arms. 
"Oh." Louise said simply. "That's better."
"Do you want to take the torch?" he asked.
"Okay." Louise plucked the light from his hand and accidentally shone it 
directly into his eyes. Gary winced at the light and she seemed to shrink in 
his arms at the sight of his face. He looked so much like his brother. "I'm 
sorry!" she squealed.
"It's okay. You're safe." he said reassuringly.
"Don't say that until we're out of here." Louise muttered; her voice barely 
audible. She raised it as she realised something. "Do you actually know 
how to get out of here?"
       His silence told her everything she needed to know. Gary started 
to walk.
	"How is your mother?" Louise asked, unsure of how else to start 
talking about her chosen topic of conversation.
She knew it wasn't terribly tactful but she really didn't care about niceties 
anymore.
       "Michael told you his theory didn't he." Gary sighed.
It was a statement, not a question.
"Yeah." Louise replied.
       There was a brief silence before Gary responded.
"She's the same as she always is."
"Do you visit her?" 
He let out a bitter laugh.
"I see Bob more often than I see mum."
"Why?" Louise asked.
"Because he helps - helped out with the flat."
"I'm sorry for your loss."
"Yeah." Gary sighed. "It's just me, Michael and her now."
"You should visit her." Louise suggested.
"I do. That's the hard part."
"What's she like?" Louise asked, wishing she could see Gary's eyes 
properly so she could determine his expression.
"I never know which person I'm talking to. Sometimes she's almost lucid 
but talking to me like I'm eight years old and sometimes she's just - not."
Louise didn't ask what the woman was like when she wasn't in the prior 
state of mind. It did not sound like a pleasant experience to relive.
       "I know what Michael said but she wouldn't do that. These lips 
are my Scar." Gary explained, touching his stitches gently. "He just doesn't 
want to admit it."
"He said something similar about you." Louise replied.
"Of course he would." Gary muttered. "How much did he tell you about 
her?"
"He told me how your parents met and that she is in an institution." 
Gary snorted.
"That's barely anything. You know what the symptoms of schizophrenia 
are?"
"No."
"Neither did I until a few months ago." 
       Louise frowned. Months? She hadn't realised that everything had 
happened so recently.
        "They can be classified into two categories: positive or negative. 
Positive is when you change in behaviour or thoughts, so you might get 
hallucinations or delusions."
"What are the negative symptoms?" Louise asked, knowing her father 
would be interested in the psychological side of such a condition, even if 
she found it mildly disturbing to think about.
"Negative symptoms show a withdrawal or lack of function of things that 
you'd normally expect to see in a healthy person."
"How do you mean?" Louise asked.
Gary's arms tensed a little.
"She stopped caring. For a while she just seemed emotionless. She didn't 
do anything. It was me who sorted out breakfast and got us both to 
school. When she went to the institution there wasn't much of a 
difference except we had to get jobs to keep the place."
Louise wasn't sure what to say so she promptly changed topic.
       "Where do you work?" she asked.
"Unison. I'm an intern in the design department."
She smiled at the familiarity. The information correlated neatly with what 
Michael had told her although she preferred not to think about him. 
       "Does that mean you know my Grampa?"
"Uh - maybe?"
"Jeremy Inwood?"
"Oh yeah, he's my boss. I don't think he likes me much. I'm too clumsy."
"You haven't dropped me yet." Louise commented.
"Shame there's no wood in here to touch." Gary laughed.
       Louise laughed with him. It was an effortless action and she didn't 
want the moment to end. It was so soothing to be talking to somebody 
who was sane. 
	Suddenly a bright blue light flashed across the cave walls. It 
coverage was so wide that it lit up the area, spreading into all its crevasses 
and corners.
       "Louise!" exclaimed several familiar voices.
"Freeze." said another, louder one. "Stop right there."
       Louise blinked, trying to focus on the man behind the light. She 
recognised his voice. Gary froze. 
       As her eyes slowly adjusted, she started to recognise the uniform. 
She'd last seen it at the hospital.
"Fred?" she asked.
He didn't reply but Louise could tell that it was him.
       "Put the girl down." 
"Fred, he's helping me!" Louise protested.
"He kidnapped you!" the policeman exclaimed, striding towards the pair.
"No, his brother did that. Now can we please stop arguing and just go 
home? I'm hungry."
       This seemed to break an emotional dam between Louise and her 
would-be rescuers. Etta and Jeremy rushed forwards from behind the 
detective to embrace their granddaughter. Another pair of friends joined 
the group hug, at least one of them being rather tearful. Fred started to 
yell.
       "I TOLD YOU TWO THAT YOU COULDN'T COME! HOW DID YOU 
EVEN GET HERE?"
Damien smiled.
"We followed you."
Imogen grinned.
"Did you really think that you could stop us?"
       Gary stood there awkwardly as strange hands wrapped around 
him. When they finally moved away Jeremy slapped him on the back.
       "Well done. You haven't dropped her yet."
Gary's nervous smile turned into a beaming grin and Louise smirked. 
	"Fred, which way are we going? Simon's waiting." Etta asked, 
turning to face him.
       Louise's mouth gaped open at the thought of her father. She 
hadn't seen him for an entire week but it felt like so much longer. She 
bitterly hoped that the convention had been worth it. Today had been 
one hell of a birthday. She wondered what her Scar was. She must have 
one by now - perhaps it was a more dormant one which required a trigger 
for her to even notice it?
       "I know the way." Gary announced, striding forwards.
Louise frowned. He hadn't seemed so certain earlier.
"The portal's closed." Etta told him.
"There's another one. He uses it as a back door in case anything goes 
wrong in the weapons archive."
"Your brother is very organised for a serial killer." Jeremy remarked.
"Yeah." Gary agreed. "I don't think it's far from here."
       The group strode into the cave depths, following Gary's lead.
	"So, how far did you get with that glass design?" Jeremy asked 
Gary, in an attempt to make conversation.
       Louise glanced up at her rescuer with a smile, awaiting his answer 
but her smile abruptly disappeared and she let out a loud scream. His eyes 
had changed. They were the same colour and the same shape but the 
emotions present in them were no longer the same. He was the spitting 
image of his brother; the alien eyes no longer seemed human. She simply 
couldn't understand the sudden cruelty that had appeared within their 
depths. 
       Gary turned to face the group and withdrew a dagger from his 
pocket, narrowly managing to avoid dropping Louise in the process. The 
mark on her cheek suddenly felt painfully apparent.
       "What are you doing!?" exclaimed Fred in a panicked confusion 
that the entire search party seemed to share.
       Gary ignored him and looked down at Louise as he set her on the 
floor. He crouched beside her. She didn't have the strength to crawl away 
from him and they both knew it. Anyways, any chance of escape she had 
was next to zero when he was armed. He held the blade to her neck and 
grinned in anticipation.
       "I said I'd kill you on your birthday Rachael." he sneered, his voice 
suddenly deep. "Remember what I told you. Don't think about Gary. 
Remember the last time you felt this knife."
       Suddenly Louise understood. It made terrible sense. Mental 
illness ran in families. That was why Michael remembered things Gary 
didn't. They weren't brothers; they were the same person, which made 
people like Fred helpless to stop one without stopping the other.
       "PLEASE!" someone screamed.
Louise was shocked to realise that it was not herself who had cried out 
but her grandmother.
       "Wow! She's got quite a set of lungs on her." Gary/Michael 
commented. He glanced at the old woman menacingly. "That could be fun 
to mess with."
       He returned his gaze to the blade fondly. Louise could do nothing 
but stare. She tried not to focus on the metal but on her family and 
friends across the cave from her. They could do nothing to help her but 
Louise knew that she wasn't alone. That was something. 
       Gary/Michael's arm tensed and Louise intently watched her 
family. Her gaze drifted from Fred, his expression of regret painfully 
apparent as his gun wavered in his hands; to Etta and Jeremy who simply 
looked lost; to Imogen and Damien. Imogen's face was tear-streaked and 
the despair in it was clear but Louise couldn't determine Damien's 
expression. For a minute she felt angry. She was about to die. Didn't he 
care? Then she noticed his hand go to his glove. In one swift movement 
he pulled it away. The knife promptly tugged itself out of Gary/Michael's 
grip and hurtled through the air towards Damien's bare flesh. He stepped 
forwards so it would meet its target without obstruction and yelled in 
pain as the knife ripped into his hand. 
       "DAMIEN!" his sister screamed as he fell to his knees. 
       Gary/Michael groaned in irritation and turned to run but Louise 
caught hold of one of his legs. He fell against the cave floor with a loud 
thud and Fred, finally managing to tear his eyes away from Damien's 
hand, rushed forwards to handcuff the killer, gun pointing in his direction. 
Before he'd been unable to shoot for fear that the killer would act faster 
but now there was no weapon left to be afraid of other than his own.
       Etta took one look at Damien and strode towards the person 
responsible for the metal wedged deep in his hand. She towered above 
Gary/Michael as Fred withdrew from handcuffing him. 
       "Do you know what it feels like to lose a limb?" she asked, in a 
calm but dangerously quiet tone. The killer said nothing. "Good answer."
She toted her arm above him and fired.
       "Etta!" Fred exclaimed.
He'd forgotten that her arm could multi-task.
       "It's a tranquilizer dear. Relax." she told him as Gary/Michael's 
body grew limp. 
       Suddenly there was a sound of clicking, followed by a low 
rumbling. Jeremy came forwards to join his wife.
       "What's that?" he asked.
"Oh my god." Etta gasped. "The weapons! He emptied an archive shelf of 
its weapons!"
       All eyes were instantly drawn to Damien's dripping hand. He 
made eye contact with Imogen.
       "I'm dragging them here." he realised.
"It's not just that -" Etta continued. "you're turning them on."
"But they can't be that close!" Imogen exclaimed. "Your field has a radius 
of two metres!"
"We don't know what's around the corner." said Louise wearily. "Can we 
stop talking and put some of that Unison roll around your hand before we 
all explode?"
"What if that's not enough? The weapons have been triggered now." 
Imogen added nervously. 
"Damien, put something on that hand. Louise is right, it's our best shot. 
Let's get back to the portal." Etta instructed.
       Imogen hurried towards her friend and lifted her so she stood by 
her side, arms draped around each other's shoulders.
"We are not going to die here." she murmured.
       The group started to move.
"How can we possibly outrun bullets?" Louise whispered.
       "Imogen!" Damien called. "I need more roll."
Imogen's eyes widened and her hand delved into her pocket. She 
withdrew the material and held it out above the cave floor. 
"It's here!" she cried, a little too loudly. Damien rushed towards her but 
paused. A look of realisation dawned on his face. Imogen frowned. "What 
are you waiting for?" she asked.
He removed his helmet and let it fall onto the cave floor. 
"Damien, what are you doing?" asked Fred as Imogen's eyes widened in 
understanding.
The teenager stepped back, tears forming in his eyes.
"I love you Imogen. I love dad and I love mum - please tell them that."
"NO!" she screamed.
"You have to keep moving." he cried before turning around.
       Damien started to sprint in the opposite direction.
"NO!" Imogen yelled, letting go of Louise in favour of chasing her brother.
       Louise swayed for a few minutes before collapsing back onto the 
floor. Fred grabbed Imogen before she could move any further.
       "Your brother is doing this for us." he said. "He's giving us a 
chance that we can't afford to waste."
       Louise gazed up at the pair. She knew that the detective's words 
would have next to no effect on Imogen. It seemed that Etta could sense 
it too. The girl struggled in Fred's grip and broke away. There was a sound 
of a gunshot and Louise screamed at the loud thud that followed.
       "Relax pumpkin," said Etta. "it's only a tranquilizer."
	The old woman helped Louise to her feet and they started to run 
as fast as they could manage, Fred, who was now carrying Imogen, joined 
the pair. Jeremy followed, dragging the criminal with him. The external 
darkness passed them by in a blur, the sole focus of Louise's gaze was on 
the portion of light that led them through the cave back towards the 
portal. It wasn't far. The thought made her feel worse. For all the time she 
had been trapped, escape had not been impossible. 
	The ground rumbled and she nearly fell. Nobody asked what it 
was or what had caused such movement. It was merely the first explosion 
of many. They were lucky that it was mild. 
       "We can't stop." Etta reminded. 
       Louise was painfully aware of that fact. Metal might be attracted 
to Damien but his body would soon be obliterated. There would be 
nothing left to be attracted to.
	There was another explosion. It felt a lot closer. This time, Louise 
fell and was promptly helped up by her grandmother. She wanted to 
throw up. For the explosion to seem so close, part of Damien had to be 
near them. 
       Finally, the group reached the portal. Fred typed in the keypad 
numbers 999 but nothing happened. He typed them in again before 
turning to Etta, a look of panic present in his eyes.
       "Why won't it - "
"Bad signal." the old woman realised. "We're in a cave, underground."
       There was a third, more distant explosion. 
       "What do we do?" Louise asked.
"Keep trying." said Jeremy grimly.
	Fred continued to type the numbers into the keypad and the old 
woman drew out her mobile phone. Louise was surprised that she even 
had it with her.
       "What are you doing?" she asked.
"Trying to see if there's enough signal to call for help, dear. It worked 
before." Etta replied. 
       Louise stared at the phone. The bars kept fluctuating between 
high and low. Etta cursed.
       "It's the targeting software." she muttered. "It's interfering with 
the signal."
"What does that mean!?" Fred snapped.
Etta glanced up from the screen, a glare on her face.
"It means that every time something locks onto Damien the less chance 
we have of a working signal, dear!"
"We have to wait it out." Louise realised.
       Another explosion sounded. It was the nearest yet. Etta and 
Louise leant against the wall to regain their balance. Fred, who had 
Imogen slung over his shoulder, nearly dropped her as his trembling 
fingers assaulted the keypad again. Jeremy dropped Michael/Gary 
without a care in the world in order to regain his balance. The group 
winced collectively as their ears recovered from the momentary 
deafening. The ground rumbled again and a trickle of dust fell from the 
ceiling. They exchanged nervous glances. None of them knew how much 
pressure the cave would be able to withstand.
       "If this hill collapses Unison has to be evacuated." Etta gasped.
"We have to get out of here first." Jeremy muttered.
       Fred's fingers gained speed. Despite herself, Louise smiled.
"At least we've got the bastard." she said, glancing at Michael/Gary.
Etta chuckled and gripped Louise a little tighter.
"Happy birthday pumpkin."
	Another explosion rocked the cave. Louise squeezed her eyes shut 
as she heard the wall above her crack. She could hear large sections of 
rock starting to dislodge themselves from their foundations but then she 
felt herself being dragged. Light seemed to glow through her eyelids and 
suddenly she was encompassed by the sound of cheering. Louise opened 
her eyes. They stood in the police station and everyone was smiling at the 
group apart from Mr and Mrs Reed. Fred, who was looking rather peaky, 
started firing off orders.
	"Settling hill needs evacuating now. I want the entirety of Unison 
empty. Its structural foundations have been compromised." 
       Nobody stopped to ask him what right he had to give such orders. 
In that instant they understood the urgency of the situation only too well. 
Fred turned to Etta.
        "Take Louise to the medical room. It's just to your left - "
"I want to help evacuate!" the old woman argued. "Simon can help her."
Fred gritted his teeth. He knew better than to argue with her.
"Fine." He turned to her husband who still held Michael/Gary's shoulder. 
"Jeremy, take whoever he is to a cell."
       The old man nodded and began to drag Michael/Gary in the 
direction of grey bars. Mr and Mrs Reed approached their unconscious 
daughter simultaneously. Louise was surprised to note that Mr Renning 
was also with them. It took her several minutes to remember that he was 
Imogen's uncle.
       "What happened?" asked Katherine.
Her concerned eyes were focused on Imogen.
"It's just a tranquilizer -" Fred began.
"Tranquilizer!?" Mr Reed exclaimed.
The detective sighed.
"I'll explain in the medical room."
"You'll explain now! Where's my son?" Mr Reed boomed. 
Katherine's eyes widened.
"Why isn't he with you?"
"Please come with me to the medical room." Fred sighed.
	It was at this point that Etta went to open the closed portal that 
lay behind them. Louise swayed but felt the warmth of someone's hand in 
hers. She looked down. 
       "Happy birthday." said Simon, a sad smile on his face. 
He patted his lap and she instantly sat down on it. 
"I missed you." Louise sobbed.
"I missed you too." he replied. "You look exhausted."
       Louise shrugged. What did he expect?
       "How was the convention?" she asked.
"I wouldn't know." he replied.
She frowned.
"What?"
"I spent most of it trying to find a working Airportal that would take me 
back home." Simon explained.
"But -"
"But nothing." he said firmly. "My priorities are straight. Your safety and 
wellbeing is far more important than a bunch of psychologists getting 
together to discuss childhood issues." Louise smiled despite herself. "Plus, 
I met Asher Reeves!" Simon exclaimed, a note of glee in his voice. "So I 
didn't miss everything." 
       Louise laughed. Together, they wheeled through a portal into the 
medical room. She was almost blinded by the whiteness. The contrast to 
the cave was alarming. As her eyes adjusted she recognised the hospital 
emblem. Imogen was lying on a bed, still unconscious. Louise could tell 
from her parent's tearful, angry expressions that Fred had already told 
them the news. The realisation made her tears run a little faster. Damien 
was dead. 
       She barely registered the nurse tending to her head as she moved 
onto the white bed or Fred talking to a white coated woman in hushed 
tones (although she did hear mentions of a psychiatrist) but the warmth 
of the food she was offered, even if it didn't seem particularly pleasant, 
soothed her throat and settled her stomach somewhat. It was helped by 
the fact that her father was holding her hand, giving it a gentle squeeze. 
       For the moment Louise simply closed her eyes and tried not to 
think about anything. Exhausted by her experience in the cave, it didn't 
take her long to fall into a dreamless sleep. She was only awoken much 
later by the sound of hushed conversation.
       "He's delusional." said a voice calmly.
"I guessed as much, I was hoping for a more concrete diagnosis." a second 
voice whispered.
"Well, judging from the people I've had time to speak to, Gary was a 
decent enough boy but Michael was not. He took advantage of the Unison 
emergency teams."
"Again, I could've told you that." the second voice said impatiently. "I've 
done my research."
       Unperturbed, the first voice continued.
"He has what his mother had but with the side effect of dissociative 
identity disorder."
"You mean split personality?" asked the second voice. "Isn't that what 
schizophrenia is?"
"No. That's a common misconception. Dissociative identity disorder, in 
this case, seems to be a defence mechanism. It's usually a result of a 
traumatic experience and, judging by his lips, he's had a hell of a time."
There was a pause before the second voice replied.
"What do you mean?"
"Those stitches aren't his Scar. I've sent someone down there to see to 
them."
The second voice let out a pained sigh.
       "Are there any drugs he can be put on?"
"There's no medication that strictly treats that disorder. The best solution 
is some form of counselling. Support groups are a big help but for obvious 
reasons that might not be the best solution." The second person snorted. 
"Gary is a good person." the first voice continued. "He doesn't want to let 
his brother win. I've had a considerable amount of time to speak to him 
and I think he might have a trigger."
"Trigger?"
"Something specific that causes the personality switch."
"What is it?"
"Glass."
"Oh great! That's so easy to avoid!" the second voice exclaimed.
       The more impatient it became the easier it was to recognise. It 
was Fred. 
       "Don't ask me about my diagnosis if you don't want to know it." 
the first voice sighed.
       Louise opened her eyes. The detective stood by the door talking 
to a woman in a smart suit. They were talking about him. The teenager 
closed her eyes again. She just wanted to get the man out of her head 
but, naturally, she failed. Everything was all too present. She sighed and 
reopened her eyes. That was when she spotted her history teacher. He sat 
a couple of beds away from where she lay, beside Imogen. He could be a 
good distraction. 
       "Mr Renning?" she called. The weary teacher looked up in 
surprise but came over to her nonetheless. She glanced at her bedside 
and was pleased to note that her father was still there. "Dad, could you 
give us a minute?" 
       Simon nodded in confusion and wheeled over to Imogen's parents 
leaving Louise and her teacher together. She couldn't prevent herself 
from glancing after him at Imogen. 
       "I'm sorry for your loss." she said, thinking of her friend's brother 
almost instantly.
Greg nodded.
"Thank you."
"And - I know it's a bit late but I wanted to apologise for the way I spoke 
to you before." Louise explained. He frowned. "I'm sorry for the way I 
outed your Scar like that. It was cruel and not fair to you."
       The teacher smiled a little at the unexpected apology.
"Thank you." he repeated. "I've met children who act out before their 
Scarring; your birthday is this month, right?" Louise nodded. "I know the 
thought is scary but many people don't understand that a Scar, although 
sometimes unpleasant in itself, is an adaptation. It's a sign that you've 
lived and that you'll continue to do so. It's a sign of maturity if nothing 
else."
        Louise glanced down at her hands. She should have her Scar by 
now. She wondered how it had manifested itself. Greg sighed.
        "Are you familiar with the story of Wet Luck?"
She nodded.
"Yes, you mean the Teardrop." There was a brief silence. "Remind me." 
Louise added, open to the comfort of such a familiar fairytale.
       "Rosalie lost her eye from her Scarring and her family by 
extension but, after a certain amount of crying, it only made her stronger. 
The tears from her barely functional, damaged eye contained impressive 
power. Wherever they fell, life and love grew. She didn't drown in her 
sorrow, she was comforted by it and the tears drew people to her; they 
formed emotional bonds between her and nature. Her old family had cast 
themselves out but she quickly made herself a new one. A family to last." 
he recited.
Louise smiled. 
"You learnt that."
Greg shrugged.
"It's a good story and it has a happy ending."
Louise's tearful smile grew into a large grin.
       "I guess I'm looking forward to finding out what my Scar is."
