
Wet Luck

By Hazel Meades

















Gobbledegook Books
Saffron Walden


Here you go Leo. I will be interested to see what you think of Alfred 
Jackson (although I still don't like the name); he's your character after all. 
Acknowledgements


What with beginning A levels this year, I knew that the last thing I should 
do was genuinely consider taking part in NaNoWriMo (National Novel 
Writing Month). Writing 50,000 words is a ridiculous amount to produce 
in any regular month but whilst I was settling into sixth form? I decided 
that I wouldn't participate. No way. 
       Then I got brainstorming with my brother at bedtime. I knew that 
I shouldn't take part. I knew it would be stupid to do so but I also knew 
that I had plot fever. This novel is the result, written in my literary 
delirium. So, obviously, I have my brother to thank for that (and Mrs 
Smith for attempting to pick up the pieces after a month of doing too 
much).
       I'll try and keep this section brief because this story feels like it 
was written so long ago that I can't entirely remember who helped out 
where, during my afterthought of editing. 
       Basically: thanks to Jemma, Amy, Tara, Emily and Chiara who 
were always there to support me (no matter how irritating my constant 
story-ing, as opposed to socialising, may have been), thanks to my family 
for putting up with my incessant plot talk (especially in the case of mum, 
for helping me research stitches) and thanks to my creative writing 
elective tutor Dr Gitsham. I've learnt a lot in our sessions and I hope that 
some of that has been implemented in this novel. Just generally, thanks to 
anyone who has helped stimulate my brain to come up with a sensible 
plot (including all my fellow WriMos). 
       Thank you to the NaNoWriMo website for being as awesome as it 
is creative. Receiving those inspiring pep talks every week was part of 
what kept me going, even if they could be somewhat distracting. Once 
again, I am sorry not to be able to donate to such a good cause. I am 17 
(16 when I started writing this novel) and still need to sort out the whole 
bank account details thing but hey - I'm getting closer!

 
Prologue


"Gramma do it again!" the child begged.
       The old woman smiled and allowed her right hand to clasp the 
saucepan tightly. Her spidery fingers enveloped the handle. She raised her 
arm, but paused mid-air.
"Are you sure?" she asked.
"Yes! Yes!" the girl squealed.
"Okay then." 
       With a flick of her grey wrist, the saucepan was in the air. Her 
hand detached from her arm and shot into the kitchen at an extraordinary 
speed. A scream came from the room next door. The old woman rolled 
her eyes and the child barely noticed. She was too busy gazing at her 
grandmother in blatant adoration.
	As the pan began to fall the hand returned with the salt. It 
hovered above the metal, the small jet at the hand's rear end powering its 
flight as it added shakes of seasoning to the omelette. It finally 
reconnected to the woman's wrist with a loud click. She caught the pan 
with her free hand. The young girl burst into enthusiastic applause and 
her grandmother bowed. 
       "Thank you, thank you."
"Do it again!" the girl insisted.
"I think that's enough for today." her mother interrupted, entering the 
living room. She glanced at the old woman in irritation. "You gave Simon 
quite a shock you know." 
The child's grandmother simply tutted in response. 
"That's not difficult Elizabeth." She sighed. "I've had this hand almost my 
entire life, you think he'd be used to it by now after growing up with it!"
Elizabeth glared.
"You know as well as I do that your trick is only a recent development." 
she replied, folding her arms.
       The old woman placed the saucepan down on the centre of the 
table.
       "I don't understand why it bothers him so much."
Elizabeth rested her hands on her hips.
"It's dark coloured, spindly and has the ability to crawl at light speed. You 
know what that looks like to him?"
The old woman smirked.
"A robotic hand?" 
Elizabeth rolled her eyes.
"A spider." she replied.
Their conversation was promptly cut short by the child.
"Do it again Gramma! Daddy's a wuss." the girl chirped.
The old woman chuckled.
"As much as I would like to pumpkin, I should probably listen to your 
mother."
"Aw!" the child groaned. "Please?" she asked, making her eyes as big as 
possible.
"Louise, leave it." Elizabeth snapped, knowing that look all too well. "I'm 
going to fetch your father. We're supposed to be going soon anyways: 
look at the sky. It's nearly sunset."
       Louise glanced out of the window to examine the atmosphere. 
For the moment the sky was bright purple but there were hints of faded 
blue at the edges, as if the corners were being worn away. Her grin faded. 
She didn't want to leave but she could already hear her mother exiting 
the room to retrieve her father.
       "Come on pumpkin, it's time for your omelette." her grandmother 
reminded, with a gentle tap to the shoulder.
       Louise's grin instantly reappeared. She whipped round and 
skipped towards her place at the table, promptly taking her seat. The old 
woman smiled at the child's speed and held out the pan with her left 
hand. Her right detached from her wrist once more, grabbed the spatula 
from the table and scampered onto the rim of the saucepan. It firmly 
wedged the implement underneath the layer of warm egg and hoisted it 
into the air. For a few seconds the hand teetered on the edge of the pan 
as if it could not hold what currently appeared to be twice its body (or 
hand) weight. Louise gasped in awe but then it jumped onto the table and 
delivered dinner to her plate. She clapped again as it dropped the spatula 
and reattached itself to her grandmother's arm with the usual click.
       "Don't tell your mother." the old woman said, with a good 
natured wink. "Now that's enough gawping for one day, I'm not in a 
museum yet. Eat up!"
       Louise obediently started to guzzle down the meal and her 
grandmother sat at the head of the table. The old woman stared at her 
right arm in concern. It was no longer the bright, alien grey it had once 
been. The tired metal plates were rusted in corners and the gear 
movements beneath the transparent covering juddered almost painfully. 
She stroked her arm soothingly, gently feeling each metallic muscle's 
heaving movement. She stopped when her hand reached her shoulder 
and pressed five numbers into the black keypad situated on it. The 
number pad lit up with neon colours as her fingers touched it, a warning 
message appearing on its screen. 
"I know, I know." the old woman muttered. "Don't be so sensitive."
       The locking mechanism by her neck unclamped itself and she 
carefully unscrewed her arm. Louise, who had only ever seen hand 
removal, completely forgot about her food and gaped. 
       Her grandmother felt her pockets until she found her trusty 
screwdriver, pressed a further button to open the covering gear plates 
and started to tinker. It took her a full five minutes to realise that Louise 
was no longer eating. 
       "Gramma?"
Unsurprisingly, the child's blue eyes were fixed on the lone arm that now 
sat on the table, twitching whenever her grandmother saw fit to touch 
the screwdriver to a gear. 
"Hm?" the old woman replied, glancing up at her granddaughter.
"What are you doing?" Louise asked.
"Tinkering." she replied.
"Oh." Louise frowned. "What does that mean?"
"Fiddling."
       There was a brief silence as the old woman worked and the young 
girl watched.
       "Gramma, how did you get your new arm?" Louise asked finally. 
       She put down her cutlery, slipped off of her seat and walked 
towards her grandmother's end of the table.
       "I lost my old one." the old woman remarked somewhat 
unhelpfully as she focused on the engineering.
Louise paused, slightly taken aback. She absent-mindedly stroked her own 
arm.
       "D-did it hurt?" she questioned hesitantly.
"Not at first." the old woman replied. "Not physically anyways."
	Curiosity took over nervous caution and Louise stepped closer. 
She rested her arms on the table in a rather awkward manner, seeing as 
she was barely tall enough to see the salt shaker without a chair. Her 
grandmother was bowed over the table (more than usual) so her nose 
was almost touching the rim of the uppermost plates. The screwdriver 
seemed to dance through the machinery, tapping some areas with 
focused intent and merely straying in others to make a simple diagnosis. 
The woman's nose made brief contact with the metal. She sighed and 
drew back her head.
       "What's wrong Gramma?"
"It's been overheating again." she replied. Her left hand casually rolled 
the arm over. "You see that?"
       Louise squinted.
"No." 
       The old woman chuckled.
"You'll be inheriting my short sight in that case." 
       She patted her lap and Louise promptly jumped onto it. Her 
grandmother repressed a grunt and pointed at the gear. 
"You see where that piece of metal is?" Louise nodded. "It's caught on 
part of that cog next to it." she explained.
The child smiled. Surely such a simple problem was easy to fix? 
       She reached out to reposition the metal but her grandmother 
batted her hand away.
"Careful pumpkin! Use the screwdriver."
Louise glanced up at her in confusion.
"Why?"
The old woman rolled her eyes.
"For starters, it could burn your finger off and then you'd have no need 
for a good old fashioned Scarring." she chided.
       Louise's eyes widened and she eyed the arm in apprehension. The 
Scarring was the reason that her father was in a wheelchair, the reason 
that her mother had an extra finger and the reason that her grandfather - 
well, Louise remained unsure of what his physical defect was. Whenever it 
was mentioned her grandmother simply smiled and repeated the words: 
"That's between me and him pumpkin. Let's just say it certainly doesn't 
hold him back." If anything could produce results equal to a Scarring 
Louise knew that it was best avoided.
       "I- I don't want to be Scarred." she whimpered, tears welling in 
her eyes.
"Listen to me pumpkin; a Scar can make you or break you and you have 
some choice in which option you take. It happens to the best of us and it's 
not all bad." her grandmother replied firmly, taking pity on the child. The 
girl looked up at the old woman in curiosity. "Take me for example. When 
I turned eighteen I lost my right arm," She paused. "and my virginity." She 
added with a twinkle in her eye.
"What's virginity?" asked Louise in confusion.
Her grandmother smiled knowingly.
"Never you mind. Anyways, my arm disappeared and for a long time 
things were different. I felt this ache in my heart; a longing for something 
to fill the gap but I soon realised my Scarring could go one of two ways: it 
could break me, or make me. I decided on the latter - so I upgraded. I like 
to think of my new arm as an extra heart because all it is really is is a 
pump. It's a part of me but it doesn't define me. Sometimes a Scar is 
barely noticeable. I know several people who didn't realise what theirs 
was until a few days after! Even if it isn't, your grandfather is a strapping, 
handsome man, but you don't define him by the size of his -"
       "Mother!" Louise's father exclaimed, wheeling into the room.
The old woman's husband followed his son, narrowly avoiding banging his 
head on the doorframe.
       "Etta you weren't giving away the goods were you?" he chuckled.
"I won't give away what's already mine." the old woman smirked.
Louise's father grimaced.
"And that is our signal to leave." he muttered. "Come on Louise!"
	The child reluctantly followed him but her thoughts remained 
with her grandmother's robotic arm. For a pseudo-heart it seemed 
disturbingly faulty and awfully easy to mishandle. For a moment Louise 
stood in the doorway, contemplating as she looked back at her 
grandparents. 
       Etta's functional hand remained by her robotic one but her eyes 
were focused on her husband, a pleasant smile gracing her wrinkled 
features at his presence. He returned the look with equal enthusiasm, 
bending down slightly to wrap his arm around her shoulders. He 
whispered something in her ear and she giggled. For a split second the 
pair were happily in their own world, regardless of the limp robotic arm 
on the dinner table which still twitched.
       The arm was alarmingly reminiscent of a dying insect going into 
muscle spasms. The girl could only stare at it in hypnotic, horrified 
fascination. Elizabeth returned to the room and the moment was broken.
	"Louise come on!" she exclaimed. "You have to get up early for 
school tomorrow."
       Elizabeth walked towards the door, placed her hand on her 
daughter's back (Louise would know that touch anywhere) and gave her a 
gentle push. The child glanced over her shoulder at her grandparents who 
were now waving goodbye and raised a hand to do the same. Before she 
could move it, she was enveloped by the enticing green glow of the portal 
and found herself stumbling through her own doorway. After a few 
minutes of presumably prolonged goodbyes, Elizabeth followed and 
closed the house door on the portal. 
"Bedtime." she announced firmly.







































2 months later


Simon Inwood sat in the café and stared seemingly anywhere but his 
coffee. His green rimmed glasses, although proportional to his eyes, 
seemed to enhance them due to his long sightedness. Today their size 
was even more noticeable due to the deep bags underneath them. The 
dark shadows seemed to punctuate the outline. 
       If he took his glasses off, his pupils always appeared obviously 
smaller and less magnified. When Elizabeth had first met him, she always 
teased that he was like a fly: constantly buzzing, observing and being 
swatted at. He had smiled. She wasn't wrong about the observing.
	He set his eyes on a couple several tables away from him and 
allowed his ears to tune into the pair's conversation. The woman seemed 
upset about something and the man was trying to console her, although 
the context otherwise was rather difficult to determine.
       "Jade, there was nothing you could've done." the stranger said.
       The woman glanced down at her food, picking at the eggs that lay 
virtually untouched on her plate.
       "No," she replied. "there was plenty I could've done."
       He reached forwards and placed his hand over hers.
       "You're being too hard on yourself."
She looked up into his eyes.
"She said she broke up with me for a reason."
"Then she's a bitch." the man stated. "Don't let her affect your eating 
habits."
       Simon smiled to himself and glanced down at his table before the 
pair could realise he was watching. His observing had been noticed once 
before and that had been an extremely awkward situation which he now 
knew to avoid at all costs.
       He ticked off several behaviours on his sheet of paper and added 
another category to the chart. His daughter stared at him from across the 
table. Her plate had emptied of breakfast at least an hour ago and signs of 
boredom were starting to show. She was fidgeting and beginning to wish 
that she had brought a toy with her to play with. She should've known her 
father would be more focused on the people around him than what was 
right in front of him. He probably would've noticed her irritation, if he 
ever paid attention to her behaviour.
       "Daddy?"
"Not now Louise. I'm busy." 
"That's what you said when you bought your drink!" she complained.
"Well I'm just going to be a little longer."
"You always say that." she huffed, folding her arms.
"That's because I'm getting some really interesting results." he replied, his 
gaze unwavering from the strangers around him.
Louise sighed. That was another one of her father's catch phrases.
       "When's mummy arriving?" she asked.
       Finally the man dropped his gaze from their surroundings and 
lowered it to meet his daughter's eyes. 
       "Honey, we've talked about this. Your mother won't be having 
breakfast with us for a while. She's in hospital."
"Can't we have breakfast there?" she mused. "I bet there'd be loads of 
cool medicine-y behaviour!" she added, hoping to appeal to her father's 
hobby.
       At long last Simon turned his attention to his coffee. He took a 
long sip from the lukewarm mug, grimacing at the temperature.
       "Louise, we don't want to disturb her. She needs a lot of rest at 
the moment." he reminded. "Besides, she's been transferred to a 
different hospital and the Airportal won't be open yet."
       Louise sighed. She knew that most portals opened at 6am and 
closed at midnight but the swirling yellow portals were different. The 
information had been drummed into her at school, along with the fact 
that Airportals were more time specific due to the noticeable time 
differences between different regions of the Set. She bit her lip.
       "But -"
"NO." Simon almost shouted, regretting the action almost instantly as his 
daughter's lower lip wobbled. "Look honey, why don't you take the portal 
home and I'll join you later? I just need to finish up here."
"O-okay." Louise whispered, leaving her chair and heading for the exit.











10 years later


It seemed that little had changed. Her father still remained obsessed with 
psychology and little else. The only difference now was that they had both 
grown older and Louise's mother was gone permanently. The pair sat at 
the same table as Louise, armed with a book, prepared herself for 
imminent boredom. 
       She used to try and avoid their awkward Saturday morning 
breakfasts but now she made sure that she attended, just for the sake of 
being close to her father. It was difficult to get through to him nowadays 
despite the fact that he fed, clothed and sheltered her. 
       Simon skim read the newspaper as usual before he began his 
observations. This time however, an article made him stop. His gasp made 
Louise look up, caught off guard by the surprising amount of emotion 
present in his voice.
       "What is it?" she asked.
"There's a convention on next week." he said, the enthusiasm almost 
leaping from his voice.
"What about?"
"Psychology." her father replied. Louise wondered why she'd bothered to 
ask. "There's going to be guest speakers and workshops and - free 
drinks!" His eyes lit up at the mention of alcohol. "Just think about the 
scientific opportunity! If I go to this thing -"
"It'd be a great networking opportunity." Louise finished. 
       Perhaps her father could socialise with qualified professionals 
who would give him realistic tips. She could picture the scene quite clearly 
in her head although she wasn't entirely sure how real psychologists 
would react to her father's cheerful raving about how he studies random 
people for fun. The professionals would probably laugh at his ideas but at 
least they could input some serious ones into his head. If she was very 
lucky, perhaps those ideas might be about what he should be spending his 
own behaviours on. 
       "Why haven't you left yet?" she remarked, somewhat bitterly, 
surprised that he hadn't taken an Airportal directly to the venue.
Simon tapped his finger on the travel details of the page.
"The Airportal timetables are unfortunate. You'd be left home alone for a 
week." he said. "I can't let your grandmother have another reason to 
lecture me can I?"
       He gave Louise a knowing smile which she returned. It wasn't that 
her father didn't care about her, although she had to remind herself of 
this more frequently, it was simply the fact that he was too busy 
obsessing over his hobby to show it. 
       Simon sighed longingly as he stared at the article. Louise 
repressed a sigh of her own. She hadn't seen him so full of joy in a long 
time. She remembered when her mother had reminded him to wash 
everyone's socks. At the time she had been bed ridden but the simple 
reminder of such mundane details had brought a light to both their eyes. 
She'd said that she'd need clean socks when she got out of the hospital.
       "You should go."
He glanced up in surprise.
"What?"
"I'm seventeen dad. I can look after myself." Louise assured him. "Besides, 
you're due a holiday. It's not like they have a shortage of factory 
workers."
"A-are you sure?" he asked, a look of guilt flashing into his eyes but she 
could tell that he was already won over by the idea.
She shrugged.
"If the house burns down I can always phone Gramma."
Simon chuckled.
"She might leave you in there for agreeing with me but honestly, are you 
sure?" he asked, a look of concern spreading across his face. "I don't have 
to go. I know it's not fair to you- "
Louise rolled her eyes. A lot wasn't fair to her.
       "Dad." she interrupted, bringing a halt to his apologetic rambling. 
"It's fine. Go pack."
       His grin grew ten times larger. She wondered if his jaw was sore 
yet. It wasn't used to the exercise.
       "Thank you honey." he said, rolling his chair forwards slightly so 
that he could kiss her on the forehead before leaving. "I owe you one."
       As he left the café, Louise pulled his mug to her side of the table. 
Sure enough, the man's coffee remained almost completely untouched. 
She took a quick sip but it was too cold for her liking. She forced down a 
little of the liquid to be polite as she contemplated what she would say to 
shift her grandmother's better judgment. The woman would never 
condemn her only grandchild to a week alone in the house but Louise 
didn't see what the problem was. She was almost an adult. Besides, she 
would barely notice the difference.






































Chapter 1


"Louise Inwood!" the teacher snapped. "Are you listening to me?"
       Louise reluctantly lifted her head from her folded arms and 
mouthed the word "barely" to Imogen, who sat beside her. She gave the 
teacher a bored glance. Imogen rested her hand over her mouth in an 
attempt to hide her blatant amusement.
       "You were lecturing us on the "unique" importance of the 
Scarring." Louise replied; the quotation marks in her speech painfully 
audible.
"Yes." said the teacher, oblivious to her sceptical tone. He turned his 
attention back to the class and took another lolloping, unbalanced stride 
across the room. "At what age does the Scarring take place?"
"On the eve of your eighteenth birthday." Louise muttered too quietly to 
be heard by anyone other than herself and Imogen.
       "Yes Lavender?" the teacher said, directing his attention to the 
back of the classroom.
       He took a few wobbly steps forwards and once again Louise found 
her eyes being drawn to his feet. One trouser leg seemed to hang limply 
off his body and was oddly thin.
       "When you turn eighteen." Lavender answered.
He nodded.
"Very good."
       Louise rolled her eyes.
"This is primary school stuff." she whispered to Imogen. "There's no point 
putting your hand up when everyone here knows the answer. How old 
does he think we are?"
Imogen shrugged, her eyes remaining fixed on the teacher's but her 
glance kept straying to his leg. The man had a formidable limp despite his 
constant pacing. It was a strange cross between a shuffle and a stumble. 
As he awkwardly turned to the greyboard, Louise took the opportunity to 
look behind her at the rest of the class. Most eyes, or at least, those 
whose weren't glazed over, were focused on the man's leg. She rubbed 
her own eyes. She didn't have the patience for this.
	The teacher turned to face the class and glanced at his watch.
"Gosh is it that time already?" he exclaimed in surprise. Louise nodded 
irritably. She'd been keeping a close eye on the time herself. "The bell's 
about to go, so any questions before we pack up?"
Louise stretched her hand into the air. She was going to ask the question 
on everyone's mind.
       "Yes Louise?" he said, looking pleased at potential enthusiasm in 
the sea of glum expressions.
"What's your Scar sir?" she asked.
The class perked up whilst the teacher seemed to simultaneously droop at 
her words. Imogen stared at her in shock.
       "What are you doing?" she snapped.
"Speaking my mind." Louise muttered in response.
       The teacher sighed.
"Louise, you know, that's quite rude -"
"You don't have to answer if you feel uncomfortable Mr Renning." she 
interrupted. "Most of us can guess there's something off with your leg 
anyways." she added as he opened his mouth to reply.
       The man's eyes narrowed and his lips settled into line. He pulled 
up his chair and slumped onto it. He raised the guilty limb and pulled up 
its trouser leg. Louise fought back the urge to recoil in horror; she was the 
person who had asked to see the teacher's Scar so she was going to be 
polite about the result. Several, less gracious people behind her, gasped.
        A crusty tentacle flopped from the trouser leg. It was decorated 
in a sickly green mucus that leeched into Mr Renning's shoe. She was 
amazed that he could walk at all on such a flimsy limb.
       "Any other questions?" he asked, an edge to his voice.
       A guilty silence followed that was promptly interrupted by the 
bell. Everyone started to hurriedly pack their bags in order to escape the 
uncomfortable tension. The teacher let his trouser leg drop and his gaze 
fell to the floor.
	"Uurgh I've got volunteering tonight." Louise moaned, in an 
attempt to lighten the atmosphere.
       Imogen tore her gaze away from their dejected teacher.
       "You know you love it really." she murmured, gathering her bag 
and hooking the strap around her arm.
       Louise flashed her a smile. It was uncannily bright.
       "Come on, we're the last people here!" 
She anxiously glanced at Mr Renning and tugged Imogen's arm. Their 
fellow pupils had been quick to leave for a reason.
       "Yeah, yeah." Imogen muttered.
	The pair stood and began to walk towards the door. Louise was 
opening it when Mr Renning spoke.
"Imogen?"  The girls froze. Louise's panicked eyes flashed to her friend's 
face. "Could you stay behind a minute?" the teacher asked. "I'd like a 
word." 
"Sure." she replied. "I'll see you tomorrow Lou."
"Okay. Bye." said Louise, her tone slightly uncertain as she left the 
classroom.
       Imogen slowly closed the door, turned and approached the 
teacher. He gave her a small smile.
"How did I do?"
       She leant back onto the desk behind her and moulded her face 
into what she hoped was a reassuring expression of some sort.
       "You were fine Greg. Eight out of ten for originality." she replied, 
knowing that the longer she kept silent the more obvious the lie would 
become.
"Originality huh?" he remarked. "You mean the leg."
"No -" the teenager began. The teacher raised an eyebrow in disbelief. 
She tried again. "- maybe? Look, what I'm trying to say is that it was 
definitely a - a - history lesson to remember." she finished lamely.
"I'm sure it was." he agreed bitterly.
       Greg scowled at his trousers and stood up. He started to collect 
his supplies from around the room. Realising what he was doing, Imogen 
walked towards the back of the classroom to do the same. 
       "Don't be like that!" she sighed as she picked up a worksheet.
"You lot were bored to tears. The only thing that interested your friend 
was my Scar." he complained, reaching for a board pen.
"You can't expect your first lesson to go perfectly." Imogen reminded. She 
swiped another sheet from the adjacent table. "Besides, Louise was out of 
line. You should've screamed at her loud enough to be heard on the other 
side of the Set!" she said, a hint of frustration entering her voice.
He laughed and placed the pen in his bag.
"Perhaps."
Her eyes softened.
"Why didn't you?" Imogen asked, walking down the next row to grab 
more of the sheets.
"Well it's natural to be curious at your age and I'd rather you all saw the 
real me than a mysteriously hidden limp. Besides, you would've never 
focused on the lesson content." he explained.
Imogen frowned. His limp hadn't been very "hidden".
        "So," Greg continued, as she passed him her pile of collected 
worksheets. "any tips for your novice uncle?"
       He straightened the sheets against the table and placed them in 
his folder.
"Less lecturing, more activities - preferably group stuff." she suggested. 
"Make sure it's about something we don't already know."
       With some effort he shoved the folder into his rucksack and 
zipped it up. The fabric bulged. Imogen tilted her head to one side, 
waiting for it to burst. There was a reason why her uncle's bags never 
lasted.
       "Well I have to make sure you all know the basics." Greg replied.
       He attempted to strap his lump of a rucksack onto his back. 
Imogen giggled. 
       "What?"
"You are carrying way too much." she pointed out.
"Mm hm." Greg agreed and abruptly changed subject as he headed for 
the door. "I'll leave first shall I? Wouldn't want your classmates to think 
I've already got a favourite."
"Screw them." Imogen said firmly.
Greg grinned.
"Nah, they're too busy screwing each other."
She pulled a face, not wanting to think about what her classmates got up 
to in their free time.
       "What?" Greg continued. "It's what I'd be doing at your age -"
"Let's not go there." said Imogen quickly.
"Home first?" her uncle suggested.
"Yeah." 
       He opened the door for his niece as she walked forwards but 
Imogen paused as she reached him.
       "Let me worry about Louise. I guarantee you'll get an apology by 
lunchtime tomorrow."

***

Louise left school at a brisk walk, feeling more than a little uncomfortable 
about her history lesson. It wasn't that she actively disliked people who 
were Scarred, (she had decided a long time ago that it wasn't physically 
possible to hate everyone over the age of eighteen for something that 
wasn't their fault) lately she just didn't know how to act around them. 
That was why she preferred being around children; they said what they 
meant and had nothing to hide. Being around them felt easier and their 
often amusing innocence always took her by surprise.
	Her eyes lit up as she set her sights on the portal that 
encompassed the nursery entrance. It lay just beneath the sign which 
clearly stated: Cascian Nursery. As for the portal itself, it glowed 
regulation copper as all government institution entrances did. Louise 
beamed and stepped into the familiar light, passing into the building.
       "Afternoon Lou!" Michelle greeted.
"Hey." Louise responded, glancing up at the monitor on the wall above 
the reception desk.
       It displayed a particularly appalling picture of her, along with basic 
details such as age and status, in this case: volunteer. She winced at the 
pictured expression. Michelle glanced up at the monitor and smiled, 
partly in amusement and partly in sympathy.
       "Mind telling me what happened when you walked through that 
portal?" she asked.
Louise scratched her head as she came towards the desk.
"I honestly don't know; I was smiling and everything!"
"Uh huh." 
       Michelle didn't sound convinced and Louise couldn't really blame 
her.
       "I guess I'll just have to get a better one on the way out." the 
teenager replied.
       Michelle handed her ID badge over and Louise started to walk 
towards the main room.
"The kids are outside!" the woman called after her. "It's a beautiful day."
	Louise grinned. Michelle claimed every day was a beautiful one. It 
was just her overly optimistic way. Something was wrong when she 
refrained to mention it. This time however, Louise had to agree. The sky 
had been positively glistening with sun, which was extremely unusual at 
this time of year. It had been difficult not to admire on the brief trek from 
school to the nursery. She knew it would be getting dark soon so they 
would have little time to enjoy it.
	Louise walked through the main room, keeping her eyes on the 
floor. Toys were scattered throughout the play area as usual but it 
seemed particularly messy today. She had to place her feet very carefully 
to avoid tripping on her colourful surroundings. She was just about to step 
outside into the playground when she felt something snag around her 
ankle. A slinky perhaps? Louise didn't have time to check as she fell 
forwards. Her right hand waved frantically until it caught the edge of the 
door. She grasped the handle and used it to wrench herself upright. When 
she was standing once more she glanced down. Sure enough, a horribly 
tangled slinky was wrapped around her ankle. She reached down and 
plucked it from her foot, tossing it back into the abyss of toys. She grunted 
and stepped out onto the playground.
	It seemed surprisingly quiet today. The grass sparkled underneath 
the extraordinarily bright sunlight. Louise half expected it to wilt at any 
minute however, there was a distinct lack of small feet pattering across it. 
She glanced at the shed, which remained plaintively tucked in the usual 
corner. 
	Gina sat in front of it on a small, puce coloured chair that was ten 
times too small for her. She stared into the distance with a vacant look on 
her face. Louise knew from experience that Gina tended to adopt such an 
expression when she didn't want to be bothered. The teenager decided to 
follow her instincts and leave the fellow volunteer alone for the time 
being. 
	She scanned the playground and her eyes focused on the multi-
coloured slide. Most of the children had gathered around it and were 
taking turns to use it, although they were doing so in a rather unorthodox 
manner. Louise marched towards them. 
       "What are you doing?" she asked.
The children exchanged nervous glances and the eldest, who was 
currently in the process of crawling up the slide's surface, turned his head 
to answer the question.
"Climbing." he replied in a matter of fact tone. 
       Louise sidled closer to the slide, subtly parting the crowd of 
children so her head was level with the boy's.
       "Well that's all very well," she began, pausing to check the large 
sticker on his chest that displayed his name. "but why don't you do it on 
the climbing frame, George?"
       He cast his eyes over to the brown ropes that decorated the far 
wall of the playground.
       "That's too easy!" he moaned.
"Well you can't climb on the slide. You'll get your mucky shoes all over it 
and that'll make it very difficult to go down. Come on." Louise stretched 
her arms over the rims of the slide and patted his shoulder. "I can think of 
a few ways we can make the climbing frame more exciting."
       The boy looked down at his fellow playmates, as if seeking 
permission to leave his post. A couple of heads nodded and he slid back 
down the way he had come up. As soon as his feet touched the ground, 
he raced towards the climbing frame. Some of the other children followed 
his lead but a couple started to go up the slide's ladder. He stopped 
expectantly by the ropes, waiting for Louise to make an executive decision 
as the resident adult.
       "Let's see, you could climb... mountain Humungous?" she 
suggested.
"Mount Hu-hummus?" he repeated as best as he could manage.
"Yes." Louise replied with a smile. She shielded her eyes as she surveyed 
the top of the climbing frame. "That's a long way up." She turned to face 
the other children that flocked about her legs. "I don't think he'll make it." 
she stage whispered. 
       George promptly started to climb the ropes.
"I'll make it." he announced.
"But what if there's an avalanche?!" Louise exclaimed. 
       For a second the boy looked stumped but then a girl by her legs 
joined him at the bottom of the climbing frame. 
       "The avalanche can't get us if there's more than one of us." she 
said.
Louise frowned at the child's logic but they seemed to be engaging with 
the ropes so she didn't particularly care.
       Another boy walked towards the climbing frame - well, waddled. 
He was a rather plump child and reminded Louise of when she was 
younger. She was still a little large around the stomach area.
       "Don't worry." he said. "I have super strength. I can push the 
snow into the sun and then it'll melt!"
Louise grinned.
"That's the spirit." 
       She sat on the grass and leant back on the shed wall, a couple of 
metres from where Gina sat. The children who'd previously been on the 
slide came over to cautiously watch the mountain adventure that was 
taking place on the climbing frame. George was getting very enthusiastic.
       "OH NO! THERE'S A MOUNTAIN BEAR!" he yelled.
"I'll save you!" the other boy cried. 
The girl huffed. 
"Well, I'm going to get to the top."
       Louise turned her attention to the audience of remaining children 
that stood watching the spectacle. She searched for a familiar name 
sticker and eventually found one. 
       "Jake! How was your weekend?" she asked.
       The boy gave her a toothy grin. His teeth were almost as jumbled 
as his spiky dark hair; he was one of the kids that Louise could tell was 
going to receive braces early on in life.
       "It was really fun!" he said, stretching his arms into the air. He 
narrowly avoided hitting several of the others. "It was my birthday and 
mum said I could have my party at a swimming pool!"
"That sounds promising." Louise replied, happy for the boy.
       She knew how cheerful the prospect of a good swim made him. 
He owed his lean figure to his constant weekend practises.
        "Dad took me to a theme park afterwards; there was this ride 
that went round and round and he felt sick but I wanted to keep going."
       Louise felt a little sorry for his father, she too was a frequent 
victim of motion sickness although she wasn't about to voice this to the 
boy.
       "That sounds fun." she lied.
       Jake eyed the climbing frame in a calculating fashion and 
promptly flung himself at the ropes, preventing any further need for 
conversation. She smiled but the expression soon turned into a frown as 
her gaze skimmed the playground. A girl stood by the slide on her own. 
Louise sighed and stood up, glancing at her watch as she did so. They 
would be going back inside soon.
       "Keep an eye on this lot will you Gina?"
       Broken out of her daydream, the volunteer scowled in her 
direction but nodded.
	Louise headed towards the girl. The child had brightly coloured 
hair, whose roots were deeply red and freckles scattered playfully across 
her cheeks. Louise recognised her instantly without needing to look at her 
sticker.
       "Hello Scarlett." she greeted. The four year old glanced up at her. 
"This is getting to be a habit with you. Why don't you come and play with 
the others?" she asked.
       Scarlett stared at her shoes with such focus that the teenager 
wondered if she wanted to redesign them.
       "I don't like climbing." she murmured shyly.
       Louise crouched so she was level with the child.
"That's okay, not everyone over there is climbing." she said. "You can sit 
with me if you like." 
       Scarlett raised her eyes slightly to meet hers. Louise repressed a 
sigh. Those were not eyes of agreement.
 	"Can I stay here?" the child asked.
"If you really want to but isn't it a bit lonely?" Louise replied. Scarlett said 
nothing. "Well, I'm starting to get bored over there so if you don't mind I 
think I might join you." 
       Louise sat down on the grass directly beneath the slide. Scarlett 
gave her a small smile.
       "Okay."
       The child, without even having to duck down, sat beside Louise 
underneath the slide. For a while the pair didn't say anything to each 
other - they just sat in companionable silence. However it wasn't long 
until Louise started to feel a little awkward. She searched her head for 
potential conversation topics that she knew, from past experience, the 
child might actually engage with. Finally, one came to mind.
       "How is Muffin?" she questioned.
       Louise faintly remembered the girl telling her about Muffin and 
hoped she wasn't getting her mixed up with another child.
       "She's lonely." Scarlett replied. "She doesn't have any other 
rabbits to play with."
Louise wondered if Scarlett was projecting her own situation onto the toy.
       "Maybe if you asked your parents very nicely they could get 
Muffin a playmate?" she suggested.
"Well, I - I-" the girl stuttered and trailed off, looking at the grass again.
Louise rubbed her shoulder gently.
       "It's okay, what is it?"
"IwaswonderingifMuffincouldcomehere?" the child mumbled.
Louise frowned, allowed herself a few minutes to digest and potentially 
understand what Scarlett had said, then gave up.
"Sorry, say that again?" 
"I was wondering - if Muffin could come here - with me?" she repeated 
hopefully.
Louise gave the child a warm smile and cast another glance at her watch.
       "I don't see why not. Maybe you could both make some new 
friends. You could get a head start today you know, so Muffin doesn't 
have to worry when she arrives?"
Scarlett nodded.
       "The others are going in now." Louise noted, sparing a glance for 
the crowd of exhausted mountain climbers as they returned to the 
nursery playroom. "Perhaps you could ask them if they know any other 
rabbits Muffin could play with?"
       Louise crawled out from their hiding place and held her hand out 
to the girl. Scarlett eyed it cautiously for a minute and then stood. As she 
moved to take the teenager's hand there was a strange scraping noise of 
skin on metal and Louise stared at the girl in shock.
        A pair of dark jeans loomed behind Scarlett but it was not the 
stranger's fashion sense that was startling. Rough, unfamiliar hands 
grasped onto the girl, one jumping to cover her mouth. The child's eyes 
widened and she began to squirm, making non-verbal noises as loudly as 
she could. That was when the large kitchen blade unsheathed itself, 
peering over her small shoulders. Panicked tears cascaded down Scarlett's 
pale face as the pair faced each other, both rooted to the spot in fear. The 
child's tremors seemed to possess her very being. She was terrified.
       "I-it's going to be okay." Louise managed, feeling utterly useless.
       Before she could even cry out in protest, the blade smoothly 
swept back across the girl's throat. The movement was forceful, yet the 
action was carried out with such fluid speed that it appeared almost as if 
it the stranger was aiming to brush her hair. The metal edge pierced 
Scarlett's chin, accompanied by the child's inhuman gurgle, and did not 
stop there. Having already skimmed her throat, it continued to slice 
through the thin layer of flesh that coated her freckled cheekbones, 
allowing the child's broken face to merge with the outside world like 
scabs of snow. Unable to move, unable to think, Louise simply stared into 
what remained of the child's eyes as they grew vacant. Scarlett slumped 
in the stranger's arms. 
       The murderer dropped her onto the blood stained grass. In the 
split second that the tiny body took to fall, Louise snapped. The girl's 
mutilated face hit the bottom rung of the ladder, spraying copious 
amounts of blood further onto the slide as the teenager opened her 
mouth to scream. She waited expectantly for the shrill sound to ring out 
and for her reactions to come up to speed but instead the slide toppled 
towards her. The metal handlebar crashed into the side of her face and 
Louise plunged towards the ground. She was dimly aware of the 
momentum twisting her body before she hit the floor. The sky caved in 
and everything went black.

Drip.

Drip.

       The quiet squashing of grass seemed surprisingly loud in contrast 
to the previous silence. The grass flattener came to an abrupt halt and 
began to emit a disturbingly unpleasant gasping sound.
"Oh - oh - "
       "GINA!" yelled a familiar voice. It sounded far away but was most 
definitely a yell. The person continued to speak but the volume level 
suddenly quietened. Its following crescendo was accompanied by further 
patches of grass being pressed down - hard. "You can't just storm off 
whenever you feel like it! The children are meant to be constantly 
supervised! What on the Set has got you so wound - oh my god."

Drip.

The gasping continued.
       "We - we have to call the police." the second voice said, the 
anger emptying from it.
" - god - " the gasper continued.
"Do you have your phone?"
"W - what?" 
"Gina, breathe." the second voice said impatiently. "Do you have your 
phone? I think I left mine back at reception."
       There was a few seconds of heavy panting before the gasper 
broke down into heavy sobs.
"Y-yeah, I guess."
"Give it to me and get the children sent home. I don't want them seeing 
this." the voice said firmly. "I - I don't want to see this" she continued, her 
voice breaking. "but the nursery isn't safe."
"Wha-what are you going - to do?"
The second voice swallowed.
"Not panic. You're going to do it too; now go back inside and be calm for 
the children." For a moment there was a sound of rustling. "Thank you."
       The grass squishing, that Louise's brain was slowly starting to 
decode into footsteps, returned and faded into the distance. A series of 
tuneful electronic beeps and swear words followed. 
       "Hello? I - I need an ambulance and the police at number four, 
Reredrum Street now. Yes, that's the nursery." There was a brief pause. "I 
- I don't know, I borrowed it. Look, just get them to hurry. I - I think two 
of our kids are dead." 

Drip.

       Louise's eyes fluttered open in time to the rhythm of her blood 
falling. She struggled to focus on the green and red blurs until they 
became clear. The grass in front of her was tinged a deep red.
        She flexed her fingers. She was alive. Why was she still alive when 
- never mind. She preferred not to remember. Maybe it hadn't happened. 
Maybe it was a just a bad dream. The situation was so nightmarish it 
couldn't be real. 
If it's just a dream then why don't you get up?
       With her confidence growing and pain subsiding in the face of the 
stronger emotion, Louise spread her hands against the grass and pushed. 
Nothing happened. Feeling the panic rising within her, she pushed again 
but remained immobile. She was trapped. 
       She slowly moved her head, trying to work out what it was that 
was pinning her down. Big mistake. The pressure of the silver bar forced 
her head down again, making her surroundings spin in the process. A 
blurred pair of shoes suddenly forced themselves into view.
       "Lou?"
"Michelle?" she said faintly.
"Thank god! Just hold on, okay? An ambulance is on its way."
"Is Scarlett - "
"Gina's sending the kids home." Michelle interrupted. "She's such a 
hormonal hothead sometimes I forget that she can be a responsible 
adult." she told her, half laughing and half sobbing.
       Louise closed her eyes. Michelle's lack of an answer told her 
everything she needed to know.

***

When Louise next opened her eyes she was laying on a long, white bed in 
an unfamiliar room. She wearily lifted her arm to glance at her watch. It 
was six o'clock, twenty minutes since the children would've been sent 
back inside at the nursery.
       "Louise Inwood?" 
       She sat up, searching for the source of the voice. Her eyes met 
those of a white coated man she'd never seen before. He had no visible 
Scar. That was probably why he had been chosen to talk to her. He would 
be less unsettling. He stood above her to one side of the rigid bed. 
       "I'm Matt and I'm going to be your doctor today. I just want you 
to relax okay?"
She nodded, wincing at the movement. 
"Okay."
       She lay back onto the soft pillow.
       "Can you remember what you were doing before you came 
here?" he asked.
"I-I was at the nursery and I was talking to Scarlett and then someone - " 
Louise trailed off.
"Okay that's good enough." the man said quickly. "You're safe here 
Louise. Your parents have been called." 
       She felt saltwater trickle down her cheeks and absent-mindedly 
realised that she was crying.
        "Can you repeat the months of the year in reverse order for me?" 
Matt asked.
She gave him a puzzled look but did as he told her.
       "Good. I'm going to put my finger in front of you and I want you 
to touch it and then the tip of your nose as fast as you can."
"Erm...okay."
       He leant down and held out his finger so it was in front of her 
face. Louise did as told.
       "Well done." he said, withdrawing his hand to write on the 
clipboard.
"What was the point of that little exercise?" she asked as he scribbled.
"Just checking that you don't have a concussion." he explained.
"Do I?"
"No." he replied. "You're fine physically." 
Louise felt anything but fine as she thought back over the day's events.
        "There's someone here to see you." said Matt. She tensed. "He's 
the police detective they've put on your case." 
       The doctor's voice sounded sympathetic, but largely detached 
from the situation. His only concern was with her present condition, not 
that of her past or future. 
       "He can come back later if you want but the sooner he's able to 
interview you the better. Okay?"
She nodded in understanding. 
       Matt left the room and a few minutes later the detective entered. 
He was a relatively short man, with a kind face that had remained, 
amazingly, unmarked over the years despite all he had seen in that time. 
Louise could tell from one look at his eyes that he had seen plenty.
       "Hello." he greeted. "I'm Alfred Jackson but you can call me Fred."
"Hi." she said quietly.
       Everyone was being so friendly. They didn't want her to break 
down.
       "I know you've been through a lot today but I just want to ask a 
few questions and then I'll be on my way."
       He took a seat beside the bed and flipped out a notebook from his 
front pocket. As he moved to sit down, his Scar quickly became apparent. 
Louise gasped in a mixture of shock and awe. The man had a neon tail. It 
curled out from underneath his shirt and was coloured with a clashing 
combination of green and purple. He noticed her expression and promptly 
pushed it behind his back with a sheepish look on his face.
       "Tell me everything you remember." he instructed.
Louise took a deep breath and began to recount the horrific experience.
       "I was sitting by the shed, watching the kids on the climbing frame 
when I realised Scarlett was on her own again. She - she does - did that a 
lot." The tears seemed to run a little faster in anticipation of the tense 
change. "I went over to see if I could get her to play with the other kids 
before we went inside." Louise continued. "I sat with her under the slide 
for a bit and I thought I was getting somewhere. The others started to go 
in so I got up and waited for her to follow but instead someone grabbed 
her."
       Fred looked up from his note taking.
"Did you see who?"
"No. I didn't realise anyone was behind the slide until it was too late."
"What was the person wearing?"
       Her forehead creased in concentration as she tried to remember.
       "Erm...dark jeans, I think?" 
"Did the culprit have any noticeable marks or distinctive features?" he 
questioned.
"You mean Scar." Louise said. "No."
Fred sighed. That made his job a lot harder.
       "Okay. Is there anything else you remember?"
"I don't know." she answered, giving him a brief but irritated look. "I was 
kind of distracted by the huge knife."
"Okay."
       The detective stood up.
       "Wait - he was a black guy. A little darker skinned than you." 
Louise said suddenly.
       Fred paused, tail waving gently. He was painfully aware that his 
skin colour only made his neon Scar more apparent due to the dramatic 
contrast. He tried to refocus his mind on the case and stilled his tail.
       "How do you know?" he questioned.
"He had hands," she replied. "f-for holding the knife."
Fred nodded in understanding.
       "Thank you for your time. If you remember anything else please 
call this number." He plucked a blue card from his trouser pocket and 
passed it to her. "I'll be in touch."
Louise nodded slowly and he left her with her thoughts. 
       She stared at the card in her hands. It was crumpled but all the 
details were clear, not dissimilar to her current mental state. She 
wondered how long it would be until a family member arrived for her. She 
was in desperate need of a visitor; the silence of the room was deafening. 
       She put the card on the desk beside her and buried her head in 
her hands. She could feel a ragged bandage wrapped around her forehead 
but barely registered the fabric as she thought back to the knife. The 
scene kept replaying in her mind and she couldn't seem to rid herself of 
the horrible noise it had made. Thankfully, that was when the door 
opened. 
       "Oh pumpkin." 
       It was her grandmother, which made the most sense given the 
circumstances. Etta hurried towards Louise and enveloped her in a bone 
crushing hug.
        "It's okay, it's over now." she murmured soothingly as her 
granddaughter sobbed uncontrollably onto her shoulder.
       When the pair finally parted there was a distinct stain on the old 
woman's cardigan.
"Sorry about that." Louise sniffed, pointing to it.
Etta shrugged.
"I have plenty more where this came from." 
       There was a brief, awkward silence as the old woman searched 
for a topic to distract them. 
       "The doctor says you can be discharged whenever you're ready. 
Simon would be here but he's at -"
"The convention." Louise finished. "I know."
       Etta repressed a wince at how monotonous Louise sounded. She 
tried again.
       "He wanted to come- "
"I'm sure he did." Louise interrupted, a bitter edge slipping into her voice. 
"Aren't you going to say I told you so?"
Etta sighed.
"Pumpkin, I'm an adult."
Louise smirked.
"You still call me pumpkin." she said.
"Because you clearly aren't an adult just yet." Etta replied. "Now do you 
want to come home or stay in hospital overnight?"
Louise's smirk faded.
"Home."
"Come on then. That doctor of yours has already inputted our portal 
coordinates." 
Etta held out her hand.





















Chapter 2


Etta left Louise in her bedroom, staring vacantly at the laptop screen. Her 
fingers skimmed across the keyboard, a slice of pizza lying untouched 
beside the mouse whilst the old woman wearily walked downstairs. As 
she passed each picture hung on the wall depicting family, pets and 
friends; she shook her head. 
       Sometimes Etta missed Elizabeth so badly it felt like a physical 
ache. Although the old woman knew that part of that was down to the 
creakiness of her bones, she also knew that a lot of the pain was present 
because of her wish not to have become the woman's surrogate. Etta had 
been trying her best for the past few years but she knew that she was 
nothing compared to the real deal.
       She finally reached the bottom of the stairs and the phone rang. 
She hoped it was Simon. The old woman wouldn't mind reverting to the 
mental state of a child so she could tell the stubborn man that she had 
told him so. Picking up speed, she hurried towards the phone and grabbed 
it.
       "Hello Ettalia." said a familiar voice.
       She sighed partly in annoyance at not being able to rage at Simon 
but mostly out of relief. Only one person called her by her frustrating full 
name and right now she needed him more than ever.
       "Hello Jeremy." she replied.
"How is she?" he asked.
"As good as can be expected, honey. I want to stay with her but she's not 
going to let me do so willingly." she explained, casting her eyes to the 
stairs.
"Etta you've done all you can for her. She knows we're just a portal 
away."
The old woman's gaze turned to the green portal that coated the door. Its 
glow did look inviting.
       "I suppose Simon will be here in the morning..."
"Come on home." her husband coaxed.
She could hear the smile in his voice. He knew he had her, now he was 
just reeling her in.
       "You sound almost desperate Jeremy." Etta teased.
"Well, the bed's getting cold." he said in a mock disgruntled tone.
She laughed.
"I'm coming honey."
"You'd better be."
       Etta hung up and stepped towards the portal. 
	As she passed through the doorway she closed her eyes, trying to 
preserve the moment of tranquillity at the centre of the storm. She loved 
the sensation of this split second travel. The way the warmth wrapped 
around her was soothing and it felt like she was being bathed in a blanket 
of emerald light. Her husband had told her more than once how there 
was nothing he loved more than to see the utterly relaxed expression that 
was present on her face when she emerged from a portal. She opened her 
eyes and the moment was gone. 
       Etta stood just inside the doorway of her own home. Jeremy was 
waiting for her barely half a metre away from the door. She appraised her 
husband. He was a better actor than she had realised. None of the worry 
he obviously felt had been conveyed on the phone but now they stood 
face to face his expression mirrored every one of her concerns. She knew 
exactly how he felt; his sudden disregard for personal space reminded her 
of how well he understood her. Etta stepped towards him and looped her 
left arm round his back, knowing from experience that stretching it up to 
his shoulder just left her with an aching limb after too long.
       "Wireless?" he suggested.
She nodded and they made their way into the living room. The pair sank 
onto the sofa. Etta pressed a few buttons on her keypad, flicked her wrist 
and her right hand shot across the room to press the appropriate button 
on their radio. It returned in a significantly slower fashion as the music 
started to play. The metal reconnected with the usual click. Etta 
unscrewed her arm and placed it on the table in front of the sofa.
       "How was work?" she asked.
       Jeremy leant one arm on the edge of the sofa.
       "Nothing special. Gary's finally back after that long break. He 
claimed he was off sick. He nearly walked into the door as usual so I told 
him that clothes design obviously wasn't his thing if couldn't see well 
enough to enter my office." Etta chuckled, snuggling against him. Gary 
was her husband's current pet peeve. "But he's an intern, so I suppose he 
has plenty of time to learn better or change his mind." Jeremy admitted. 
       "Kitty also came down to the department and proceeded to tell 
me what I was doing wrong, as usual. It was a fairly boring day all in all." 
he summarised. "How was yours?"
"Asides from this evening, it went well." she informed him. "Benjamin 
needed my help arming a few more products of his latest range."
"Ah Benjamin! I think Gary might've mentioned him in passing." Jeremy 
said in understanding. "Isn't he that young weapon developer?"
Etta nodded.
"He's just started and he's very enthusiastic but he was asking me some 
rather silly questions about how lasers work. He's like Simon in that way I 
suppose, I dread to think what would happen if he ever talked to a 
professional."
Jeremy's eyes met hers. 
"I suppose we'll find out soon."
"Hmm." Etta agreed.
       "Have you phoned him yet?" Jeremy asked.
She sighed.
"I'm trying to put it off."
       There was a brief pause and for a while the pair simply basked in 
the silence. Of course, Jeremy then had to go and spoil it.
	"You're too stressed for your age." he said.
"Jeremy," Etta said in a warning tone. "We've discussed this."
"Not enough." he argued. "You need a break. We need a break - everyone 
else our age is retired! Besides, after this evening I'm pretty sure the 
whole family needs one."
"Jeremy honey, we make up the income of this family." Etta reminded 
him. "You know how little Simon drags in."
"Well maybe if he focused on something he could actually achieve we 
wouldn't have to worry." Jeremy growled.
Etta scowled at her husband and rose from the sofa.
       "Then by all means go ahead! It's high time you were the one 
giving him a prod. Do you want to make the phone call?" she asked.
"Fine!" Jeremy snapped.
"Fine." Etta repeated.
       For a moment they remained in that position, staring at each 
other with intense anger written upon their faces. It didn't last very long. 
Jeremy, as usual, was the first to break. He dropped his gaze.
       "Look at us," he muttered. "how old are we?"
"Judging by that conversation we're definitely young enough to not retire 
yet!" Etta retorted.
He looked back up at his wife.
"I'm sorry -" he said. "- but this is exactly why we should try out a retreat."
       Etta frowned. Jeremy was constantly talking about going away 
somewhere but she'd never considered something as potentially 
mundane as a retreat. When she thought of travel she thought of exotic 
locations in vibrant places, not a countryside walking area in the middle of 
nowhere. On the upside, a retreat would be very peaceful if nothing else.
       "Go on?" she said hesitantly.
Jeremy smiled.
"It would be peaceful. No portals mean no interruptions. We could relax, 
maybe go on a few walks and admire the scenery. Retreats were created 
for people like us."
Etta smiled.
"I'd like that," she said. Her eyes hardened. "but first I have to phone 
Simon."

***

"You don't have to go to school, pumpkin." Etta said as they stood by the 
house portal.
"It's okay," Louise replied. Her grandmother still looked ready to argue. 
"it's better having something else to focus on." the teenager added 
quickly.
 "If you're sure," her grandmother sighed, giving her a forced smile. "but I 
don't like it."
"You don't have to."
       Louise typed the coordinates onto the portal rim and stepped 
through it. The colours around her swirled as they made the curious 
change from green to copper. She was soon out the other side and in 
school, her image appearing on the monitor and ticking off her 
registration as normal. She only gave it a brief glance, there appeared to 
be only the one public message today and she did not want to read it. She 
already knew what it would say.
       Imogen, returning from the school canteen, spotted her friend 
and marched towards her. Now was the perfect opportunity to talk about 
their history teacher.
       "Hey, Lou!" she called but her voice was drowned out by the bell.
       Louise hurried to her first lesson as Imogen scowled at the red, 
prison reminiscent device. She started to follow her friend, glancing 
briefly at the monitor to check for any public messages but instead her 
eyes were captured by the expression on Louise's face. The girl's tired 
eyes were downcast, almost as if they were twinned to her drooping 
shoulders. Her lips seemed to curve almost as low. Not to mention there 
was a large mottled bruise on her forehead. Something was very wrong.

***

Etta reprogrammed the coordinates once her granddaughter had stepped 
through the portal. She then followed, stepping into the workshop 
wearing her usual calm, composed smile. Benjamin was the first person to 
greet her. In fact, he appeared to have been patiently waiting in front of 
the portal for her arrival.
"Hi Miss Inwood!" he chirped.
       Etta didn't know whether she was supposed to be flattered by the 
incorrect address of "Miss" or irritated at the blatant, most likely 
intentional mistake. At least his eyes no longer flickered to her robotic 
arm. He'd been fascinated by it when he first arrived but on the following 
day he'd suddenly and abruptly averted his eyes whenever it, and by 
extension she, was in the room. It had suited Etta fine but had led her to 
wonder if one of the technicians had had a word with him, suggesting in 
rather strong terms to stop staring at a human being like she was an alien. 
Etta was the only female engineer in her current line of work and her 
colleagues had a tendency to be a bit over protective.
       "Hello Benjamin." she greeted, trying to maintain what she hoped 
was a graceful composure.
       Etta still couldn't quite believe the man preferred to go by his full 
name. It did, however, make him easier to distinguish from the other man 
in the department who went by the same name. That was just as well 
considering that the less irritating thirty year old frequently assisted her 
on the more dangerous projects she undertook. She did not want to let 
Benjamin assist her in any area of her work where care was required.
       Ignoring his keen expression, Etta strode past him towards her 
work bench. It was covered in the usual mixture of gear components, 
blueprints and screws. The piles completely covered the company logo. 
She liked to think of her workspace as a motto: you can never be too 
screwed but that doesn't stop you from trying.
       She plonked herself onto the swivelling chair (the only part of her 
work that she never tired of. Most workshops would have stalls or 
nothing to sit on but Kitty had been very specific that she still wanted the 
area to appear relatively modern and fashionable. Nonetheless, it didn't 
prevent the usual rumours that her fiancée had been the one to pay for 
them) and started to peer through the piles of paperwork. There was 
plenty to examine but Etta knew what she was looking for. 
       "I don't know how you find anything on that desk." Benjamin 
commented.
       Etta looked up, the irritation blatant on her face. Sometimes she 
wasn't sure if he was a tactless fool or a villain wearing one.
       "Practise, dear." she replied.
"I could clean it up a bit for you -"
"Thanks but no." Etta said through gritted teeth.
       She continued to sift through the papers until she finally found 
the blueprint she was searching for. It was marked with a small, curved 
arrow in the top right hand corner. She whisked it onto the top of the pile 
and started to read but after a few minutes she gave up. It was rather 
difficult to concentrate with Benjamin still staring at her expectantly.
       "Is there something I can help you with?" she asked.
"A-actually, I was wondering if there was something I could help you 
with?" he said hopefully.
       Etta softened a little. He looked nervous. She couldn't quite get 
over how much the man seemed to idolise her work. At the moment he 
seemed to have nothing of his own to work on. What could she tell him to 
do that would get him out of her way and not into trouble?
       "Could you go see how the engineers are getting on dear?" she 
asked. "The sooner the machines are working, the sooner I can get to 
work. I would do it myself but I have to read through this and complete 
the risk assessment."
"Great! Sure!" Benjamin replied, doing so rather loudly in his enthusiasm. 
He attracted a few unimpressed looks from the work benches around 
him. "Uh - where do I find them?"
"There are plenty of signs." Etta said wearily. "Just head down the stairs 
and it should be obvious."
"Great." he repeated. For a moment he still stood watching her. He tilted 
his head slightly. "Are you okay?"
"Fine!" Etta snapped very unconvincingly.
       Benjamin seemed to get the message and left. She found herself 
accidentally catching the eye of the other Ben, whose work bench wasn't 
far from her own. He gave her a sympathetic smile.
       "Is that the blueprint for the new uniform model?" he asked, 
craning his neck in order to glimpse the schematics.
"So Jeremy tells me." Etta informed him. "Apparently it has a horrible 
colour scheme. He claims that daring fashion is no excuse for clashing 
shades of the same fabric."
Ben shrugged.
"He's the expert."
"Mmm." Etta replied, but she was no longer listening; the blueprint had 
finally caught her full attention. 
       The design was of a mere sleeve but it was covered in labels 
indicating where lasers were to be inserted. Even the Unison logo was full 
of them. She swore softly. 
       "What is it?" asked Ben.
       Etta put down the blueprint and turned her chair to face him 
more directly.
       "Imagine my arm," she said, gesturing at the mechanical limb. 
"exploding."
Ben winced.
"That's one hell of a risk assessment you're going to have to write."
She nodded angrily.
"What will they have us making next! Suits for suicide bombers?" she 
exclaimed.
       As the words left her lips the ground seemed to rumble beneath 
them. Ben looked around the room, exchanging confused glances with his 
co-workers. Etta simply sighed and started to rummage through her pile 
with a slightly bored expression on her face. A deafening bang followed. 
Ben's hands shot to his ears with a grunt of pain. Etta winced in sympathy. 
It couldn't be easy with his Scar. 
       There were a few seconds of silence in the noise's wake as the 
astonished colleagues stared at each other.
"What on the Set was that?" Ben eventually cried, rubbing his ears.
       "Ah!" Etta said triumphantly. "Got you."
       She withdrew a handful of tranquilizer darts with one hand and 
pressed a quick sequence of numbers into her keypad. A small metal plate 
slid back just above her elbow to reveal an empty groove. She passed the 
darts to her left hand and slotted them into her arm one by one. Ben 
gazed at her in a mixture of awe and bewilderment. 
       "Etta - what are you doing?"
She glanced up at him.
"When you've worked here as long as I have dear, you come prepared."
"But -"
       She gave him a weary look tinged with sadness as she slotted the 
final dart into her arm.
       "I fill out risk assessments Ben. This wouldn't be the first terrorist 
attack to hit the building."
       And with that, she headed for the door.
 	As she entered the narrow, cream coloured corridor she glanced 
briefly at the signs. She never normally had to leave the workshop and her 
memory of the area wasn't what it used to be.
        After a brief confirmation of which direction to turn in she 
marched towards the stairs. As she strode down the corridor she passed a 
lift. The old woman noticed the numbers lighting up above the door and 
stopped. Fortunately, it was only someone coming from the floor above. 
At a guess, Etta assumed Jeremy had sent someone down to check what 
was happening downstairs. 
       The doors slid open and a gawky teenager stepped out. Etta 
focused her eyes on his, instead of the boy's rather obvious Scar and 
patiently waited for the doors to close before she began to yell.
       "DO YOU HAVE ANY IDEA HOW DANGEROUS THAT WAS?"
"W-what?" the boy stuttered, jumping backwards into the metal.
       Etta took a deep breath to calm herself and began to explain what 
she really thought should be obvious at his age.
       "There was an explosion barely a few minutes ago. You don't 
know what happened and all you know was that it came from downstairs; 
so what do you do? You decide to take the lift!?" she screeched. "For all 
you know a bomb could've gone off in there! How do you know the lift 
wasn't compromised?"
The boy's tense shoulders seemed to relax at her accusation.
"That's why I didn't go down to the bottom floor. I'm walking from here." 
he said proudly.
       Etta groaned. The teenager seemed to be under the pleasant 
illusion that he could do half and half. Life didn't work like that.
       "You must be Gary." she realised.
A shy smile appeared on his face.
"How did you know?"
"My husband's told me about you, dear." she replied.
        The hapless intern was almost Jeremy's equivalent of Benjamin 
except the boy had a better sense of style, apparently. As Etta looked the 
teenager up and down she didn't see it. She decided that if he was going 
to go anywhere in the building he was probably safest staying with her. 
       "Come on."
	The pair walked down the corridor until they found the stairs. 
They began their descent. Etta focused on the thought of a potential 
rescue effort instead of the potential injuries and tried to ignore Gary's 
rather blatant Scar. She wondered how exactly he could talk; her husband 
often expressed similar views on the matter. 
       The further down they went, the smokier the air became. Etta 
didn't care particularly; she just couldn't wait to reach the bottom. Her 
knees could be rather sensitive at times. 
       Soon the floor was in sight, much to her relief, but Gary hung back 
behind her. It took Etta several minutes to realise that he was no longer 
following. She turned on her heel to face him. They didn't have time for 
this.
       "I-is it safe?" 
       Etta grumbled quietly to herself. What a stupid question to ask.
       "No."
       The boy couldn't seem to stop fiddling with his hands.
       "So -" he began. "- why are we doing this?"
The old woman sighed.
"Because no one else is, dear. There are people down there that might 
need our help."
"Couldn't we find out what happened using the security cameras?" Gary 
suggested.
       Maybe he was smarter than Benjamin too. It was a shame the 
idea couldn't be applied.
"They never installed them in the machinery rooms." Etta explained.
"That's convenient." he muttered sarcastically.
 Irritated by his tone, she took a step forwards and stared the boy down.
       "The thing about machines?" she said, her voice dangerously 
quiet. "They take up space. Now, there's not much space left to stand in 
down there and we can't afford to waste any more of it. If you don't want 
to come then by all means, don't follow me dear."
       She turned, toted her right arm and continued onto the final 
floor. Gary gulped, wondering how she managed to maintain such an air 
of menace with the word "dear" tagged onto the end of her sentences. He 
reluctantly followed.
	As Etta stepped onto the main floor she realised that a radio was 
playing. It was set to a channel she did not care for, even if it lightened 
the atmosphere somewhat with its poppy, upbeat tunes. It seemed to 
calm Gary's nerves so she didn't bother to search for the off switch. 
	She raised her hand into the air. She couldn't see it in front of her. 
The smoke was so thick but it was not choking them.
       Gary stepped onto the floor but miraculously managed to trip and 
fall onto the woman. They both staggered forwards.
       "Sorry."
       Etta grunted. There was the infamous clumsiness her husband 
had told her about. She turned her attention back to the smoke and tried 
to judge the distance they had moved based on where the radio music 
was coming from. The answer was not very far, apparently. 
        "Hello?" Etta called out. 
       The room was well lit but the hazy smog prevented her from 
seeing anything asides from the arm that she held out in front of her. She 
could be about to step on a clown for all she knew. 
       "Benjamin?"
Gary glanced at her in surprise at name but she didn't notice as he was 
still standing behind her.
       There was no reply. The room was worryingly absent of life. Etta 
found it unnerving enough being next to a machine that was not making a 
light humming, whirring or alternatively aeroplane level amount of noise 
(those types of machines usually required ear protection). This was 
downright frightening.
	She used her left arm to feel her way around the walls of 
machinery but the only thing she felt in response was a light pressure on 
the back of her cardigan.
       "Gary -" she said, in a warning tone.
"After the lecture you just gave me you think I should get lost down 
here?" he retorted indignantly.
Etta sighed. He did have a point. 
       Suddenly her fingers brushed past a firm rectangular covering. 
She smiled and grasped around for the edge. She lifted up the cover and 
stroked the wall surface underneath with her left hand. She could feel the 
round button. She gave it a quick push and withdrew. Gary, who could 
only feel the fabric of her cardigan moving between his fingers, didn't 
have a clue what was happening.
       "What are you doing?" he asked.
"Turning the extractor fan on dear." Etta responded.
       The familiar whir added an extra layer of sound to the naff music 
and she felt herself spontaneously relaxing although her mind was still 
alert. Machine noise. That was much better.
       The smoke gradually started to clear and Gary released Etta's 
cardigan from his grasp. The old woman admired the patchwork of levers 
and cogs that were embedded in the walls, constantly interwoven with 
metal. They stuck out in monochrome clumps like a collection of large, 
unfinished jigsaws. It was refreshing to be clear of the garish company 
logo which stamped its ownership onto everything in the building. Etta 
smiled. She was never alone when she was in this room, as far as she was 
concerned the machines filled out the seven life processes just fine. They 
breathed: coughing out sawdust as if they smoked it, they were sensitive; 
breaking at the slightest misuse, they grew; constantly being upgraded in 
ways a mere human could only dream of and they reproduced with ease. 
After all, Etta had delivered several of their children, carefully feeding 
them appropriate materials to ensure they functioned properly and 
returning their excrement to the bin. The only element they appeared to 
lack was movement and that could easily change. 
       Etta took a deep, cleansing breath of the clear air. The pair could 
now see the radio. It hung off the rack of goggles beside them via a 
makeshift strap. This part of the floor appeared to be completely empty, 
excluding the huge machines that protruded like a handshake from the 
walls.
       "Hello?" Etta repeated.
"Miss?" groaned a familiar voice.
       She had never been happier to be addressed in such an irritating 
fashion. Etta hurried towards the sound of Benjamin's voice. Gary 
followed, struggling to keep up with the old woman's sudden bout of 
speed as she strode through the metal labyrinth. They squeezed their way 
past a machine that had been detached from the wall. For once, Etta did 
not stop to fiddle with the cabling despite the obvious flaws and breaks in 
several places. She decided that one of the engineers must have been 
working there; although why they had felt the need to drag the machine 
so far from the wall that the passage became near impossible to use was 
beyond her. 
       They continued down the corridor at a fast pace but after only a 
few seconds she came to an abrupt halt. Gary barged into her back and 
the old woman growled. He stuttered an apology but when she didn't 
respond Gary realised that maybe he was not the problem. The teenager 
peered anxiously over her shoulder and gasped. They had found the first 
casualty. 
       A man lay on the floor. His body was no longer human in 
appearance; it was simply a collection of organs that zig zagged through 
his shredded skin. Gary turned away. Etta tried to ignore the sound of his 
retching so she could think calmly about the situation. She stepped over 
the body - first things first.
       "Benjamin, dear where are you?"
"Here." the man said, revealing himself from behind one of the larger 
contraptions.
       There was a large purpling bruise on his forehead but, asides from 
that, he seemed to be in relatively good shape. Etta broadened her 
shoulders and extended the distance between her feet in a brief attempt 
to hide the body. She couldn't let him see. 
       "What happened?" she asked.
"I don't know. I got here and asked the engineers if they'd actually fixed 
anything yet - like you told me to." he explained. Etta hoped that he 
hadn't asked them the question with that precise wording. Benjamin had 
a talent for phrasing simple requests offensively. "One of the guys, I think 
his name was Aaron, said he would tell me where I could stick my answers 
and then there was this sound -" he paused as he recounted the scene. "- 
it was so loud, my ears are still ringing. There was smoke everywhere."
"So in other words your guess is as good as mine." Etta summarised. 
"How did you get that bruise?"
 "Huh?" Benjamin spluttered, looking rather puzzled by the question. She 
nodded in the direction of his forehead and he felt it gingerly. "Ow. Oh. 
The noise - it was like some kind of blast; I think it flung me into the wall."
Etta winced. This place barely had any unoccupied walls. His head had 
most likely come into contact with hard metal.
       "Where are the others?" she asked.
"I-I don't know." For a moment Benjamin looked scared but quickly 
composed himself. "They must've got flung at equipment like me. I mean, 
I was standing next to the fire exit and then bang!" he said, mimicking the 
explosive noise with his hands.
"Wait," she said. "you were by the fire exit?" 
       Benjamin nodded and Etta frowned in response. The fire exit was 
at the far end of the room, if she remembered correctly. The corpse 
behind her must've been far enough from the blast to have not been 
affected by it. That meant that its wounds were the product of something 
else. 
       "Gary!" she called. 
Still retching, the boy came forwards. Benjamin winced in sympathy. It 
was difficult to tell if he was looking at the boy's Scar or his general 
behaviour.
       "Are you okay?"
Gary gave him a slightly irritated look. Surely the answer was obvious?
       "I want you two to start searching for the others. There are six of 
them. Get everyone together and leave the building. I'll meet you all 
outside reception." she instructed, stepping forwards and forgetting for a 
moment about the corpse behind her.
Fortunately both eyes appeared to be trained on her. 
       "What if someone's hurt?" asked Gary.
Etta gave the teenager an approving smile. It was a good question. She 
opened her mouth to reply but Benjamin got there first.
"We can carry them out." he said.
       It was decided. Gary was definitely smarter than Benjamin.
       "If someone's hurt badly don't move them." Etta snapped. "We 
should probably call an ambulance anyways to see to your head." 
       Benjamin nodded in agreement, remaining oblivious to the 
underlying venom in her tone. Gary looked up at the older man, confused 
by his persistent optimism. 
       "Be careful. Don't touch anything except the floor you're walking 
on. We still don't know what caused this." Etta reminded them.
       The group turned the corner but Etta paused as she felt 
something beneath her foot. She froze. On second thoughts, it appeared 
that the floor was no longer safe. She looked down. A rectangular blue 
box sat under her shoe. She sighed in relief and raised her shoe. 
       "Wait a minute, boys."
They turned.
"Oh, that fell with me." Benjamin explained as he set eyes on the object.
       Etta groaned internally. Trust the man to give her the most 
important details last.
       "Gary," she said, as the teenager seemed to have finally 
recovered from his retching fit. "get out your phone."
He readily obliged.
"We should've called the police as soon as that bang went off." he 
muttered.
"Don't call them yet." said Etta as he raised his hand above the keypad.
"What?" the boys chorused.
"Kitty's going to want to see this." 
       Etta knelt down to examine the object in more detail.
       "Why would she care about it?" Gary questioned, completely 
clueless as to the object's purpose.
Benjamin stared at it and realisation suddenly dawned on his face.
"I've read about that!" he exclaimed.
Etta looked up at the pair with a grim expression.
"Uh - is anyone going to fill me in?" Gary asked, glancing from Benjamin 
to Etta.
His hopeful expression was mingled with obvious confusion. Etta picked 
up the box and stood.
       "When Kitty and Mr Fisher first got engaged she decided to create 
an extra floor of Unison and dedicated it to him, dear." the woman 
explained. "As a wedding present." she added.
Gary snorted at the soppy extravagance of the idea.
"And he decided that we should have a new kind of weapon to confuse 
people!" Benjamin continued enthusiastically.
Etta rolled her eyes. Judging by the chronology of his statement it had 
worked, or at least, he didn't know the story well enough. She continued.
       "Fisher decided his floor would work towards helping his old 
troops from the other side of the Set where he grew up. The new floor 
became the series of workshops where I work now dear. The first weapon 
he commissioned was a new type of grenade to disorientate enemies."
"The Danagem bomb!" Benjamin cried excitedly.
"But that's not the only thing wrong with this picture dear." Etta sighed. 
"Look at this corner." she said, pointing to the edge of the rectangle.
"What corner?" Gary asked.
"Exactly. The early models were so faulty they were known to blow parts 
of themselves up, maybe that could help the police find whoever did 
this."
"They could check for fingerprints!" Benjamin exclaimed.
"Yes." Etta agreed. "But knowing our luck so far, what are the chances 
that the bomber was holding the bomb from the missing corner?"
She sighed.
       "So what exactly is a Danagem bomb?" Gary questioned, most of 
Kitty's exploits and by extension her fiancée's, were well publicised. "I 
don't think I've heard of it."
"That's because it was the most unsuccessful project in the company's 
history. The works in progress were extremely dangerous. A member of 
the original series exploded, without prompt and made a hole in the 
workshop ceiling." Etta explained. "Fortunately it was a night time event 
and no one was there was hurt."
Gary gasped. 
"Wow."
       Etta continued, starting to rant.
"The blueprints never could seem to capture the man's "vision"." she said 
scornfully. "Whenever he altered them we had to change the design 
dramatically just to ensure it was functional!" she raised the object so it 
was level with her eyes. "We gave up after the twelfth series - the 
prototype is barely recognisable compared to this model."
       Suddenly and without warning, Benjamin said something 
intelligent.
       "So what's it doing here?"
Etta sighed.
"I don't know. I'm getting too old for this." She turned to the youngest 
member of the room. "Now dear, are you going to call Kitty or not? The 
sooner you do the sooner we can get the police to come."

***

The sky was a delicate lilac, only punctuated by a large paintbrush. It 
seemed to dwindle in the same, already painted, area of canvas, slowly 
going round in circles. Imogen gazed at her artwork but didn't see it. She 
couldn't stop thinking about Louise's devastated expression. It had been 
on her mind for most of the day and on the rare occasions she had 
spotted her friend at lunch and break, it remained unchanged. Louise had 
never stayed put long enough for Imogen to talk to her about her mood 
and managed her mysterious absences with frustrating efficiency. 
	Imogen was brought out of her thoughts by the bell's final ring of 
the day. 
       "Don't forget, I want your coursework in before the weekend!" 
Miss Laddley reminded the students as they started to pack away.
       Imogen placed her paintbrush back in the cup of water and went 
to clean it at the sink alongside a mob of peers. It took her at least five 
minutes to get to a sink and another five to elbow her way back to the 
canvas. As she tidied, she thought about Louise. For the moment that was 
her real concern, not coursework.
	She slung her full bag onto her shoulder and was finally ready to 
leave along with the others, ready to catch up to Louise and talk to her, 
when Miss Laddley spoke.
"Imogen, stay behind please."
       The teenager turned to face her teacher. She had a feeling that 
she knew what was coming. 
       Miss Laddley waited until the pupils had filed out of the classroom 
before beginning her inevitable lecture.
"Imogen you are a great artist. You have so much potential." The teenager 
gave her teacher a shy smile, maybe this wasn't a lecture. "But that 
potential is being wasted doodling away on your canvas." 
       Imogen's smile disappeared. This was the lecture. It was just with 
new material. Sometimes she wondered how much of the teacher's 
telling off repertoire was targeted at her. 
       "I know you can produce masterpieces when you really 
concentrate; your observational sketches have demonstrated that 
marvellously but you are really falling down with this coursework." 
       Imogen avoided her teacher's gaze. She'd heard this lecture so 
many times that she knew it off by heart, rendering it rather ineffective 
when put to use. Unfortunately that didn't prevent the uncomfortable 
feeling she had whenever it was used on her. 
       "You need to focus more. I keep seeing you staring off into space 
and I'm here to tell you that daydreaming will not get the work done. If 
your grades keep slipping at this rate I'm going to have to contact your 
parents." 
       Imogen stared at her fidgeting hands; she needed to catch up 
with Louise before her friend left via the school portal. Miss Laddley's 
tone hardened. 
        "Imogen look at me. Have you listened to a word I've said?"
She glanced up at the teacher and nodded.
"Y-yeah."
"Good because you are running out of chances." the teacher informed 
her. "This is the work that will get graded and if it's not finished in the 
same quality that it's started in then you might as well have not bothered 
in the first place." She sighed as the teenager's gaze returned to her 
hands. "Imogen is there something going on at home that I should know 
about?"
"What? No!" the teenager replied, voluntarily making eye contact for the 
first time in the conversation.
Miss Laddley's eyes were sympathetic.
       "I know that it must be very difficult with your brother -"
"He's got nothing to do with this." Imogen replied firmly, her irritation 
fuelling confidence. "Can I go now?"
       The teacher looked slightly put out but replied nonetheless.
"Yes," she confirmed. "but if I catch you staring into space tomorrow I will 
be phoning your mother!" she reminded as Imogen raced out of the 
classroom.
       The teenager darted past the canteen and into the main entrance 
corridor. Unfortunately, it appeared to be empty.  Glancing at the large 
school clock that hung above the portal, she realised why. Imogen had 
been stood, listening to her teacher rant at her, for a whole fifteen 
minutes after the bell. Her indignation helped her to avoid the thought of 
the upcoming coursework deadline. She shook her head and walked 
towards the portal. 
       Imogen checked the portal's coordinates. They were set to no 
specific area so she walked through it, stepping just outside the school 
building. She lived so close to the place that there was little point in taking 
the family portal to school. Her parents were determined to make her 
exercise as much as possible anyways; despite the fact that she didn't 
think she could physically be any thinner. Then again, she supposed it 
made sense since her father consistently placed all the emphasis on 
building muscle.
       Imogen started to walk, knowing that if she hung around outside 
the portal for too long there was a real danger that someone could rush 
out at high speed and knock her flat on the ground. It had happened a 
week before; the boy had been running because he was late for a dentist 
appointment. It had not been a pleasant experience.
	She glanced up at the sky. It was getting dark already. She 
quickened her pace to a brisk march; Imogen hated winter with a passion. 
       As she lowered her gaze, she spotted a pair of familiar shoes 
ambling into the distance.
       "Lou!" she yelled, starting to run. "LOU!"
       Finally the girl turned around. Imogen skidded to a stop beside 
her friend, panting. Maybe her parents were right about more regular 
exercise.
       "Hey." Louise greeted, with an expression of bemusement on her 
face.
Imogen held up a finger and Louise patiently waited for the teenager to 
recover her breath.
       "I thought you'd have plugged in your coordinates or something if 
you missed the crush of rush hour." Imogen replied, when she felt she 
was able to speak.
Louise shook her head.
"No. I just - need some time to think."
Imogen frowned at the sad glimmer in her friend's eyes.
"I know something is wrong." she stated.
Louise opened her mouth to protest.
"Immi -" 
"I know. You've been avoiding me all day." Imogen interrupted.
       In a fit of uncharacteristic shyness, Louise suddenly found her 
shoes fascinating. Imogen sighed. 
       "Do you want to come round?"
Her friend looked up.
"I-I don't want to get in the way of any -"
       Imogen rolled her eyes. This was a role reversal of epic 
proportions. Typically, she was the one staring at the ground stuttering, 
although that usually took place in front of teachers when she wasn't busy 
daydreaming.
       "Shut up, of course you do! It never bothered you when you were 
six. You are still the most stubborn, confident person I know, so I don't get 
why you're deciding to be polite now." 
Despite herself, Louise smiled. Imogen returned it. Result. 
"Besides, it's not a question."
       They continued to walk in silence. Eventually Louise spoke.
	"I like winter."
"Really?" Imogen replied dubiously.
"Really. It makes the stars come out faster." 
       Imogen glanced up at the sky and sure enough it was covered in 
the rainbows of distant, glimmering galaxies. As the sky darkened their 
glow was enhanced. She looked at her friend, whose gaze remained fixed 
on the heavens and took her hand. If she wasn't careful, Louise would 
walk straight into a lamp post. 
       "When I was little," the teenager continued. "I used to wish I 
could become part of the sky." she smiled and then added, "The closest I 
got was camouflage."
"I remember." said Imogen. "You were always up on Settling Hill, wearing 
your cloak."
       They both smiled in nostalgia. Louise had adored that cloak. It was 
a velvety purple on one side and deep blue on the other to match the 
time of day or night. She'd nearly tripped over it several times because 
her mother hadn't expected her to be so keen to wear it at such a young 
age. Now she thought about it, she realised that the cloak would probably 
fit her fine now.
	With her eyes fixed on the sky and the gentle tug of Imogen's 
hand steering her; Louise didn't realise they'd arrived at her friend's 
house until Imogen's grip left hers. She found herself staring into a swirl of 
vibrant green. Startled, she sped through the portal and emerged to find 
her friend loudly bickering with her brother. Already. It never seemed to 
take long. 
       Louise took her shoes off as Imogen had already done, edged past 
the pair towards the table and took a seat on the faded tablecloth. She 
waited patiently. She always found it amusing to watch her usually quiet 
friend loudly and effectively argue her point; plus Louise really needed a 
distraction from the thoughts currently running through her head.
       "You could have told me you'd be having someone round!" 
Imogen's brother exclaimed.
She groaned.
"I did tell you."
"Three seconds before she passed through the portal!" he cried. "I had 
three seconds to put my helmet back on!"
       On hearing these words, Louise's eyes darted to his helmet. It was 
a dark red to match his skin tight clothing and was sleek in appearance, 
shaped to fit his face accurately. The Unison logo flashed across the top of 
it. He never seemed to wear anything else. Louise often wondered what 
his face looked like now; there were no pictures of him in the house 
above the age of seventeen. He was currently nineteen. 
	Occasionally Louise wondered what his Scar was. The most she 
knew was that it had seriously impacted his work as an apprentice but she 
had never been curious enough to ask about it in more depth. Scars were 
private affairs. If you had one it was your choice to share it, not anyone 
else's. That was the whole point of Unison - they catered for your 
individual issues, covering the Scar up with appropriate fashion. Louise 
felt a sudden pang of guilt for the way she had treated her history teacher 
the day before.
       "Damien, you're not dad." Imogen pointed out in a 
condescending tone.
"Well he's not home yet - so tough!" 
She rested her hands on her hips.
"How old are you?"
"Old enough to be in charge." Damien retorted.
"Oh yeah?" Imogen sneered. "What's seventy six times forty two?"
       Louise could see, by looking through the visor section of the 
teenager's helmet, that he was confused.
       "Erm..."
Imogen folded her arms.
"Three thousand, one hundred and ninety two." she recited.
Damien's eyes narrowed in suspicion.
"How do I know that's the right answer?"
Imogen shrugged.
"Get a calculator and see for yourself."
       His look of confusion turned to an outright glare.
       "You know most adults can't answer that question off the top of 
their heads!" he said accusingly.
"So?"
"So sister," Damien replied, bending down to look her in the eye. "you're 
freeeeaky!" he teased, fluttering his fingers in her face as if he were a 
magician.
       Imogen reared her head back and scowled as her brother 
returned to his full height. He looked very satisfied with the result.
       "Look who's talking!" she snapped and the smug expression on 
his face returned to a glare. "At least I don't attract -"
A yell from the kitchen interrupted the pair. Louise assumed that the 
voice belonged to Mrs Reed.
"Will you two grow up?!"
"NO!" they chorused.
All anger forgotten in their brief moment of unity, Damien glanced at his 
sister.
"Seriously, don't grow up. It doesn't do you any favours."
She frowned at his suddenly solemn tone. Imogen was better at dealing 
with her brother when they were arguing. She abruptly changed the 
subject.
	"I'm going to need some bedroom privacy." she said. "If you even 
understand the concept." she muttered.
       Damien quickly recognised her change of tone and raised a hand 
to his ear mockingly.
"Sorry what was that p word? I thought you said propinquity."
Imogen frowned.
"What does that even mean?"
He smirked.
"Nearness of relation ie: kinship."
Imogen laughed.
"Aw has lickle Damien been reading the dictionary again?" she said, doing 
her very best to mimic a primary school teacher's tone. She glanced at 
Louise. "He only has a mental age of ten; he doesn't know any better." 
       Louise smiled and Imogen internally congratulated herself. 
However the action did remind her of why she'd brought her friend along 
in the first place. Her tone changed from teasing to declarative.
	"We need my bedroom to talk." She stared at her brother 
meaningfully, trying to communicate the message through her eyes as 
best as she could, in order to maintain her friend's confidentiality. Damien 
simply looked confused. She groaned and voiced her thoughts. "I need 
some time alone with Lou so I can help her figure stuff out."
       For the first time since their arrival, Damien glanced at Louise. 
Surprisingly that was where his eyes remained, not flitting up to her 
forehead bruise like so many others had done that day. Louise met them 
unflinchingly.
       "Okay." he said simply. "I have to get some stuff done anyways."
       And with that, he headed upstairs towards his own bedroom. 
Imogen turned to Louise, a shocked expression on her face.
       "Wow. That was easy." She frowned and then said in a genuinely 
serious tone, "Perhaps - too easy." She thought about it carefully for a few 
seconds and then changed tack. "Come on; let's get to my bedroom 
before he changes his mind."
       She grabbed Louise's arm, dragged her off of the table, 
miraculously avoiding the removal of the table cloth and pulled her 
upstairs. She stopped outside the first door on the right and opened it for 
her friend. Louise walked into the room as Imogen flicked the light switch, 
admiring the lilac that seemed to currently surround her. Imogen closed 
the door and joined Louise by her bed; it was the only part of the room 
that wasn't some shade of purple. Instead it was pure white. The only hint 
of colour on it was the duvet, which was decorated with the image of a 
lone hill. Louise instantly recognised it. The picture was of the iconic 
Settling Hill: where the colonies had first arrived and where the Unison 
building now stood. It was symbol of the Set's foundations and was the 
main site that brought in the tourists. That was pretty much all Louise 
understood of Set history and she doubted she would learn much more 
with Mr Renning leading lessons.
       Imogen patted the space beside her and Louise sat down on the 
cover. She decided to get straight to the matter at hand.
"What happened?" she asked.
 Louise was silent. Imogen waited for a response but instead of a verbal 
explanation, much to her surprise, her friend burst into tears. She moved 
forwards to hug her. Imogen wondered what memory could incite such a 
reaction as Louise shook in her arms. 
       After a while the sobbing seemed to lessen and Imogen withdrew. 
       "You can tell me when you're ready." she said, wanting to know 
now more than ever why her friend was so upset. 
       At first she thought Louise wasn't going to say anything, but then 
she took a few calming breaths and spoke.
       "Yesterday I went to volunteering and a kid got stabbed."
Imogen gasped.
"Oh my god. Did you see who -"
"No. Whoever it was, was standing behind the slide. I was on the other 
side. Judging by his hands he was black but that was literally all I could 
figure out before he pushed the slide onto me. I guess he was pretty fit to 
be able to do that."
"God." Imogen breathed. "So that's how -" she began, eyes flitting to her 
friend's forehead.
"Yeah."
Unsure of what else to say, Imogen simply gasped again.
"Wow."
       Louise continued her explanation, unable to stop now that she 
had started.
       "They've given me the rest of the week off, at the very least. 
Michelle phoned me this morning and told me I could stay off for a month 
if I wanted, she didn't sound too great."
Imogen placed her hands in her lap.
"I'm surprised the place is still open. What are you going to do?"
"A week is enough." Louise replied firmly. "The longer I stay away the 
more I'll fear coming back."
"Speaking of coming back, what about your dad? Is he coming home 
now?" Imogen asked, remembering her friend telling her about her 
father's excitement over the idea of attending the convention.
Louise's tear stained face hardened.
"He can't."
"Wait - what?" Imogen said in disbelief. 
"You know how Airportals work." Louise reminded bitterly. "He physically 
can't come back yet."
"That just means that he isn't trying hard enough!" Imogen cried. "There's 
more than one Airportal he could use. I don't care how long it takes him 
to get to the damn thing; he should get to it or so help me I will go and 
drag him back here!"
Louise eyed her friend in curious amusement, a tease of a smile lingering 
at her lips.
"Are you done?"
Imogen took a deep breath to calm herself.
"I think so. But I mean - really! That's such bad parenting!"
Louise shrugged.
"I've got Gramma."
"She shouldn't have to stand in for both of your parents!"
Louise gave Imogen a stern look.
"She's good at what she does."
       There was an awkward silence. Louise remained rock still, her 
stare set in stone as Imogen fidgeted.
       "So, how was your yesterday?" Louise asked finally, in an attempt 
to break the tension.
Imogen knew this needed more than the usual one word answer. 
       "Well, it started off well enough -" she said and began to ramble 
about her day, hoping desperately that it would defuse the uncomfortable 
tension that had developed between them. Her story was not particularly 
interesting or long and they both knew it but at least it provided a 
pleasant distraction. "- and then you were there for the whole thing with 
Greg -"
       Louise looked at her friend quizzically.
"Greg?"
"Mr Renning." Imogen elaborated.
Louise frowned.
"You know him?"
Imogen gave her a small, reluctant nod. She hadn't intended to tell her 
that.
       "He's my uncle." she added.
"Why didn't you say anything? I need to apologise to him." Louise sighed.
"Yeah." Imogen quietly agreed. 
       Suddenly a new thought occurred to her and a smile crossed her 
face. 
       "You should stay for dinner."
"I don't know Immi," Louise replied. "Gramma will wonder where I am if 
I'm not home soon."
"So text her then. Mum's doing pizza." Imogen told her teasingly, knowing 
that pizza was one of the few things her friend couldn't resist.
Louise flipped out her phone instantly. 
"Fine. I'll stay."
"Great!" Imogen exclaimed. "I'm guessing you want pepperoni, I'll go tell 
mum."
       She promptly stood and left the room. For a few minutes Louise 
remained sat on the bed but she eventually decided that she should go 
downstairs after her friend. It was lonely in the bedroom even for such a 
short time and that was the last emotion she wanted to feel. 
       She stood, approached the door and opened it. As her hand 
grasped the doorknob she frowned. There was something strange about 
the quality of the metal. It felt smooth, almost rubbery in her fingers. 
Louise decided to ignore it and stepped out into the corridor. 
       As she did so, Damien seemed to simultaneously step out of his 
room carrying a large block of wood. He no longer wore his helmet; it was 
tucked under his arm instead. Louise couldn't help but stare. His face had 
not changed much since she'd last set eyes on it and, considering that the 
last time she had done so was a couple of years ago, that was saying 
something. 
       He was just as attractive as she remembered. His blue eyes were 
deep set above his high cheekbones but her gaze was instantly drawn to 
his dark hair. It was like trampled grass minus the colouring, although 
Imogen had whispered stories to her when they were younger of her 
brother genuinely considering dying his hair such a repulsive colour. That 
had been back when Imogen was young enough to openly trust her older 
sibling. It seemed like an alien concept now, as did the state of Damien's 
hair. Louise guessed that it was due to his constant helmet wearing. It 
really was quite a bizarre result. 
       Tufts of it spiked up in different directions in such an extreme 
manner that Louise felt a little like she'd set her eyes on a cartoon 
character. As he set his eyes on her his expression turned to one of panic. 
Louise felt a little upset at his reaction. Then she noticed the sharp 
tugging in her own hair. She winced and reached up to find the source.
       "Don't -" he warned but it was too late.
       Her fingers rested on the metal of the large hair clip that held her 
blonde locks above her head. Before she could even press down to 
remove it, the clasp released itself and the small hair ornament flew 
through the air. Bizarrely, it appeared to direct itself straight at Damien's 
face. He let out a yelp of pain as it connected with his skin and dropped 
the wood. Louise let out her own yelp, one of surprise, and dashed 
towards him. He lifted a hand and grabbed the hair clip. With some effort 
he tried to pull the metal back from his cheek although he had to use his 
other gloved hand as well to have any success.
	"Louise, I want you to have a look in my pocket." he said, panting 
at the effort of holding the metal back. "There's a roll of something that 
looks like cling film in there. I want you to wrap a piece around your hair 
clip, okay?"
       She nodded and reached down towards his torso pocket. She 
hesitated.
       "Left or right?" she asked.
"Right." Damien confirmed. "My right." he added.
       She fumbled around in the fabric which, again, felt unnaturally 
smooth and rubbery, almost like the door handle. When her fingers finally 
grasped the roll of film it felt so similar that she almost thought it was part 
of the pocket. She drew it out, ripped off a small piece and wrapped it 
around her hairclip as Damien held it out. This was easier said than done 
seeing as the metal was trying its hardest to reattach itself to his face. 
       Finally the clip was fully covered in dodgy wrapping and seemed 
to stop moving. As it rested in her hand the cling film seemed to vacuum 
form to the shape of the object. Louise stared at it in surprise and then 
glanced up at Damien's slightly out of breath face. Now she understood. 
He was magnetic. That was his Scar.
       "God you're bleeding!" she realised. 
The hair clip had left a rather large scrape on his cheek as he'd tried to 
pull it off and a bruise was promptly forming around it due to the force of 
the clip's impact. The gash had not initially been very large but in his 
effort to remove the clip, it had grown in size. 
       "I'm sorry." she apologised.
He bent down to pick up the wood.
"You didn't know." he reassured as he returned to his full height. He gave 
her a small smile. "I should be thankful that you weren't wearing a belt."
       Guiltily, Louise wondered if someone had worn a belt in his 
presence before. Such a mark would be difficult to explain away. Unable 
to fight her curiosity, she couldn't help but ask about the Scar. 
"How did you find out -" she began.
"That's it not just my personality that attracts?" he finished, 
accompanying the question with a cheesy grin to cover up his shaken 
composure. Louise tried very hard not to smile at the terrible pun. "The 
same way most people do - on my eighteenth birthday."
Louise nodded.
"Oh?"
       She waited patiently. That was the obvious part but everyone had 
a story to tell.
       "My birth took place in the evening so we had a late family 
dinner." he explained. "I think they were trying to support me but it just 
made me feel even more like a ticking time bomb. I kept on catching them 
looking at me when they thought I couldn't see. Imogen wasn't even 
bothering to be discreet. 
       "We'd just got onto pudding when my birth time struck. For a 
minute nothing happened. Then my dessert spoon tried to eat me." 
       Louise winced.
        "Yeah." he continued. "That wasn't the only metal thing in the 
room." 
       Damien looked a little uncomfortable.
        "I have a magnetic field radius of approximately two metres so 
I'm also lucky that you're wearing nothing with a zip on. The first few 
weeks getting used to my Scar were difficult, even now I still make stupid 
mistakes and the zip thing is one of the more awkward ones."
       Louise raised an eyebrow. Damien promptly returned to his 
original topic.
       "Everybody's spoons wanted to be in my gullet and they weren't 
afraid to show it. Fortunately my sister - ever prepared - had Unison's 
emergency appointment number on speed dial and the next thing I knew I 
was being shoved through a portal into an empty room."
"How long did you stay there for?" Louise asked.
"For as long as it took them to come up with a solution." he replied. "They 
couldn't even use a gaussmeter to measure how strong my field was 
because every time the instrument got within two metres of me it just 
whacked into my head." he said glancing down at the roll. "I still don't 
really understand this stuff but it works and it's very hard to tear."
       Louise found herself looking over his skin tight outfit once more 
but for once she wasn't checking out his noticeable figure.
       "Is that what your helmet and clothes are made out of?" she 
asked.
"Yeah. I always feel stupid wearing this body suit but it covers up my skin 
and mutes the field somehow. It's rock hard to prevent ripping but 
somehow still flexible enough to wear." He smiled. "I have also been 
personally informed by Kitty that it's 'totally trendy'."
       Louise laughed. According to her grandfather that was typical of 
the woman but the teenager's expression became serious as she thought 
of a more sobering question.
       "What about your work?"
       Avoiding metal was bound to be difficult, no matter what you did 
for a living.
       "Bob's been great." Damien sighed. "He's been really patient even 
when I've been losing it. I guess he knows what it's like, although probably 
not to my extreme. It's different for everyone." 
"Wait, you work for the DIY Guy?" Louise asked; Bob's one man business 
was known throughout town for doing virtually anything that was 
practical, legal and could be paid for.
       She'd heard that the majority of his jobs involved plumbing or 
putting up shelves, although many people were not afraid to vouch for his 
professional medical skills. The man had a smorgasbord of qualifications, 
apparently. 
       Damien nodded.
"I should probably be getting down there."
"Okay." Louise agreed, stepping out of his way but he didn't move.
       "Are you alright?" he asked.
"Huh?" she replied, surprised by the sudden line of questioning.
He had just explained his Scar to her and yet he was asking if she was 
alright?
       "You're not fine if my sister wants to talk some sense into you." 
he stated. Louise simply stood, feeling uncomfortably transparent. 
"Whatever it is may seem pretty nasty now but it'll work itself out in the 
end." Damien told her. His hand went to the brush the scratch on his 
cheek in an absent minded fashion. "You'll deal. It'll just take time."
       He placed the block of wood between his legs and went to put his 
helmet on. Louise wished he didn't have to, it was so nice to see his eyes 
without the addition of a visor but now she knew for certain that it could 
not be helped. His helmet was more than a precaution, it was a shield. 
       He retrieved the wood and set off down the stairs. She stared 
after him.
       "Thanks." Louise said quietly.

















Chapter 3


His arm stretched around the body of the machine, holding down the 
material with firm precision as the thread curled its way through the 
fabric. Jeremy smiled, released the pedal and sat back to admire his 
handiwork. Call him old fashioned but he preferred to use the previous 
version of the sewing machine model. The more recent version had too 
many bells and whistles for him to understand, although apparently Gary 
found the machine easy to manipulate. 
       Jeremy would never admit it to anyone else but he had to 
appreciate the boy's skills. Whilst his clumsiness was irritating, the teen 
did seem to know what he was doing. Coupled with a little intelligence 
and common sense there was a chance that he could actually progress in 
this field of work - if only the intern could prevent himself from 
frequently dropping products, walking into them and even (in one specific 
case) walking onto them. 
	Jeremy removed his hands, pressed the small red button to the 
right of the machine arm and a smooth, serrated blade sliced away the 
finish. There was a high pitched hum that he knew he'd soon be too old to 
hear anymore. The smell of singed toast followed. If he could be bothered 
to look closely he knew he would see the tiny laser beam melting the 
thread into a fine pool, sealing up the close of the join. He grabbed a post-
it from the desk corner, wrote the time down and attached the note to 
the sewing machine. It clearly read: 
WARNING: HOT
4:45 - DON'T TOUCH UNTIL 5PM
       Satisfied, he leaned back into his chair. Part of him wondered 
where Gary had got to. Yesterday the boy had been working on a 
complicated design that involved a surprising amount of glass. Jeremy had 
decided it would make a good challenge for the intern but promptly 
regretted the idea. Gary could handle fabric but glass was a whole 
different game that he was extremely inexperienced at playing. Jeremy 
had lost count of the amount of times the teenager had nearly sliced his 
hand off or up enough to need stitches. Eventually he'd admitted that 
giving the boy such a responsibility was dangerous for his wellbeing, given 
the teenager's natural clumsiness. In the end he gave Gary smaller pieces 
of glass so he'd be less likely to damage himself. Shortly afterwards the 
intern had left and had been missing for almost the entire hour. He 
tended to do that and normally it wasn't a problem as the work still got 
done to a decent quality. Jeremy had assumed that he'd left in a strop. 
However, today the intern had little reason for one. Or at least, no reason 
that came to mind.
       Jeremy's hand hovered over the company phone as he considered 
calling Etta to check if she had seen the boy but decided against it. 
Coincidentally, it was then that was Gary reappeared at the office door. 
       This time he managed to enter without walking into the wall 
although his dark face had paled enough to almost match it in colour. 
       Jeremy pushed off from the desk and his chair skidded across the 
polished floor. He shared his wife's love for the company swivel chairs. He 
always argued that there were some things you could never lose sight of, 
such as the joy of a good swivel.
       "Where have you been?" he snapped. 
"Y-you told me to check out the bang? See if everyone was okay?" Gary 
reminded.
"Oh. Did I? Well, what was the bang? I assume we don't have to worry too 
much seeing as -" Jeremy trailed off. The words he was saying were 
having very little effect on the teen's scared expression. "Gary?" he asked. 
"Are you alright?"
The boy seemed to snap out of it.
"Yeah sorry. Just, thinking."
Jeremy frowned.
"What happened downstairs?" he asked.
Gary sighed.
"It was a bomb."
       Jeremy sat up straight at this news.
       "How widespread was the blast? Was anyone hurt?"
Gary gave the old man a small smile.
"Your wife's fine." Jeremy allowed himself to relax a bit as the teenager 
elaborated. "It went off in a - err - machine-y room." 
       Jeremy would've smirked at the lack of technical vocabulary had 
he not been so busy worrying about the potential threat that now lay 
directly beneath his feet. It was no wonder the blast had seemed so loud. 
       "There's an ambulance outside reception. Nearly everyone is 
physically okay," Gary continued. "just a bit scared and bruised."
Jeremy's eyes widened in shock. He leant forward.
"Nearly?"
Gary swallowed.
"Mr Pilford is dead." Jeremy froze in his chair. "The police have been here 
for a little while and they think it's murder."
"But a bomb went off!" Jeremy exclaimed. "That's terrorism - what 
makes them think it was so specific?!"
Gary swallowed. He looked slightly ill.
       "His body was mutilated. He was too far from the blast to be 
affected. Someone had - had come inside and done it deliberately. 
Whoever that person was, he or she must work here."
       Jeremy pressed a hand to his forehead. He was getting too old for 
this.
       "How much of what you just said came from Etta's mouth?"
"Etta?" the boy repeated, looking faintly puzzled. "You mean your wife?"
"Who else would I mean? She's the only female member of staff 
downstairs!" Jeremy snapped.
Gary seemed to shrink at the force of his words and focused on answering 
the question.
"A-all of it." he replied.
"Okay." Jeremy sighed. 
       He kicked off against the shockingly colourful carpet in order to 
reach back to his desk. The chair glided smoothly across the floor. He 
pulled a laminated copy of a finished design from the drawer and 
beckoned to Gary. The teenager warily came over and accepted the sheet. 
       "I want you to get to work making this." the old man instructed.
"What is it?" the intern asked.
"Believe it or not, that's a boot." Jeremy told him. "We have a client 
whose foot was recently misshapen in their Scarring. The brief was to 
provide her leg with better support."
       Gary tilted his head to one side as he tried to connect the image 
of the design with that of the stereotypical boot he knew.
       "O-kay." he replied.
 "Get on with it. Kitty's going to be coming here and I reckon it'll be 
sooner rather than later."
"Uh - actually she's downstairs at the moment." Gary informed.
"She won't be for long." Jeremy noted grimly. "Battle stations."
The intern nodded, turned and promptly tripped over the vibrant carpet. 
The design fell onto the floor beside him. Jeremy sighed in irritation as the 
boy sheepishly grabbed it, righted himself and headed towards the 
nearest modern, unused sewing machine, only pausing to collect a box of 
fabrics to sift through. Jeremy pushed off from his desk once again, this 
time so he had a window seat. He wanted to be able to spot Kitty before 
she saw him. He waited patiently.
       After ten minutes the sound of her clunking high heels quickly 
became apparent. Soon her long, skinny legs were visible. It was hard not 
to notice them due to the almost invisible miniskirt she wore. Jeremy 
sighed. He knew that particular style was popular; he just didn't see how 
it was attractive. Then again, maybe on someone he didn't loathe he 
would appreciate it more.
       Soon the rest of her body came into view as the appearance of 
her legs were shortly followed by her torso, neck and head. Jeremy waited 
until he could see her expression. Finally, it became clear to analyse. The 
look on her face was a mixture of anger and worry. Her eyes seemed to be 
examining his office in detail. He moved his chair to one side of the 
window so she wouldn't notice him watching. Jeremy's eyes strayed 
briefly to the side of her head where her left ear should be. 
       Despite the many years he had worked at Unison he often found 
his eyes wandering absent-mindedly to his boss' Scar. He knew that it was 
a bad habit. He abruptly averted his eyes and started a silent count down 
from five. As he got to zero she flung the door to the office open.
       "Let's see the designs." she announced.
       Jeremy nodded and stood up from his chair to gather the finished 
designs from his desk drawer. She stood impatiently, foot tapping as he 
retrieved the work. He handed them to her and her eyes flitted from him 
to the detailed drawings. She skimmed through them like a deck of cards, 
eyes roving as she searched for some detail to pick out and make an 
example of. Jeremy smirked. As far as he could remember, this was the 
longest she'd ever gone without criticising something. Finally she handed 
the designs back, looking mildly disappointed that she'd been unable to 
spot any errors.
        "Have you got any finished pieces?" she asked.
"We've got a few works in progress." Jeremy replied, checking the time 
briefly before leading her over to his sewing machine. 
       He yanked the post-it note off of the surface and gently pulled the 
sealed fabric away from the machine's foot. The red button had already 
done most of the separation for him; all he had to do was physically 
remove it. Kitty snatched the sample material from his hand and stared at 
it quizzically.
"You call this progress?" she said. "This pathetic scrap?"
"Gary over there is working on a fuller piece if that's what you're looking 
for." Jeremy told her, nodding in the teenager's direction.
"Let me get this straight: you've got the intern doing the real work whilst 
you just make bits of designs?"
Jeremy sighed.
"Someone has to test that the materials chosen are suitable."
Kitty's eyes narrowed.
"I thought you said those were the finished designs." 
        Jeremy repressed the urge to roll his eyes. Now she was just nit 
picking. 
       "They are. The thing I'm working on now isn't. If you want to see a 
boot's manufacture in process then go over to watch Gary." he said, 
sincerely hoping that she wouldn't.
He didn't know if Gary could handle that kind of pressure. She glared at 
him.
       "Fortunately for you Mr Inwood, I have far more important things 
to be doing." Kitty replied.
She gave the floor a tell-tale glance which gave away any hidden meaning 
that remained in her visit. She was checking for a hole in the floor.
       "What was the noise earlier?" Jeremy asked. "Gary tells me it was 
a bomb."
"Gary," she replied, raising her voice. "should learn to keep his mouth 
shut. You think it'd be easy for someone like him wouldn't you?"
       The teenager's shoulders seemed to hunch further into his work. 
Jeremy scowled. That was just plain rude.
       "I think a terrorist might be a bigger problem than a disobedient 
intern." he said.
"It's not a terrorist!" Kitty snapped. 
Jeremy raised an eyebrow. 
"Just a bog standard murderer then. How boring." he said, the sarcasm 
dripping from his voice.
Kitty placed one hand on her hip.
"Not just bog standard. Whoever did it is an ex-colleague. They may even 
still work here which is exactly why I can't go blurting out bomb details to 
a potential suspect!"
Jeremy nodded.
       "Fair enough." said Jeremy. He could tell she wasn't going to give 
him any further information. "Now if you'll excuse me I have a lot of work 
to be doing."
Kitty opened her mouth and then shut it. It looked like she had wanted to 
tell him the same thing. 
       "Good because I have to talk to Mark." she said eventually.
       Kitty stormed towards the door in style, as usual. Sometimes he 
really wondered how she could handle such high heeled shoes without 
tripping over like Gary did so frequently.
       "Have fun with Mr Fisher." Jeremy muttered, knowing she 
wouldn't hear him due to her missing ear.
       Kitty slammed the door behind her. Gary's sigh became audible 
from the other side of the room.
"Couldn't she just close it? You know, like a normal person? Just once?" 
he said.
       Jeremy chuckled. There was the evidence that the boy was still an 
intern. He wasn't accustomed to the woman's entrances and exits yet.
       "She likes to make her exits dramatic whether she does so 
consciously or not." 
       "I could probably tell you more about what happened downstairs 
than she could." Gary muttered.
Jeremy pulled his chair towards the boy.
"Then by all means do."

***

Damien strolled into the shop. Well, he thought shop but he meant office. 
Bob's business was so informal that nobody ever thought of the place in 
such a way, despite the man's numerous qualifications. Bob liked to have 
his certificates on the bulletin board across from the desk to prove to 
people, as if they needed convincing, that he could get the job done. 
Every so often new certificates would appear on display. The man liked to 
keep busy but today the office seemed oddly quiet. 
       "Hello?" Damien called, placing the block of wood down on the 
counter.
Silence. He peered into the large, garage-reminiscent back room but 
nobody was there. He shrugged. He knew what he had to do with the 
wood anyways. 
       Damien reached for the phone but it rang before he could touch 
it. He jumped and then laughed at himself. It was just a phone, not his 
non-existent sixth sense. His hand ventured forwards again and he picked 
it up.
       "Hello, DIY Guy's assistant here, how can I help you?" he asked, in 
a chirpy tone.
"Is Mr Pilford there?" an unfamiliar voice asked.
"No, I think he's out at the moment." Damien replied. "He was meant to 
meet me roundabout this time but I think he's forgotten."
       The stranger let out a long, saddened sigh.
"Could you come to the police station please?"
Damien's eyes widened.
"Why? What's going on? Has something happened?" he asked quickly, the 
sentences strung together in a barely understandable fashion.
"I think it would be better if we told you in person." the man replied.
       Whoever the stranger was, he seemed to be versed in barely 
coherent babble as far as the teenager was concerned. Damien needed 
context. The lack of it made him tense up. That was never a good sign.
       "Fuck that, I'm listening now." he snapped, desperation taking 
over his helpful customer persona.
"There's no need to be rude Mr Reed."
Damien's eyes narrowed.
"How do you know -"
"We're currently contacting your mentor's family." the stranger 
interrupted. "We think Mr Pilford died this afternoon."
"You think?"
"Your answer just confirmed the timing."
       Damien sank into his chair.
"Oh my god." he said, his voice shaky. "W-what happened?"
"A bomb went off at Unison." the stranger informed him. "It seemed to 
specifically target the floor Mr Pilford was working on."
"How-how could you even identify the body then?" Damien asked, feeling 
sick at the thought of his mentor's remains spread across the company.
"Nobody else was badly hurt. The bomb served as a distraction whilst the 
murderer crept in to kill and mutilate him, specifically. He was the only 
engineer who was missing from the room. I'm sorry for your loss." The 
stranger allowed Damien a few minutes to grieve before continuing with a 
round of questions. "Can you think of anyone who may have wanted to 
harm him?"
"I - no." Damien replied. "H-he's a great guy. Everyone round here loves 
him."
He stared wistfully at the proud bulletin board. 
       "Okay. Just come down to the police station and ask for Fred J if 
you remember anything else. I'll be paying you and your family a visit 
tomorrow to ask a few more questions."
Damien nodded before realising that the stranger couldn't physically see 
him.
"Okay." he said.
"Thanks for your time." 
       The stranger promptly hung up and Damien numbly put the 
phone down. He walked over to the door and turned the sign around so it 
would inform potential customers that the shop was closed. It looked like 
DIY Guy would be out of business for a while.

***

Louise's stomach rumbled. She glanced down at her phone and realised 
that she still hadn't called her grandparents yet. They'd probably be 
wondering where she was. She quickly typed out a text message. It took 
her a good few minutes longer than usual due to having to go back and 
correct her less obvious abbreviations into full words. Finally she pressed 
send and a message popped up several seconds later, informing her of its 
successful path, although she doubted that her grandmother physically 
had her phone on her. It was far more likely that the device was sitting in 
her house. At least Etta would hopefully remember to check it.
       "It's out!" Imogen's mother yelled. Louise hurried downstairs to 
the dining table two steps at a time in order to survey it. "That was quick." 
the woman smiled.
	Imogen's mother stood beside the table wielding two large plates 
of pizza. She wore a cooking cloak and looked rather triumphant. Louise 
smiled as she remembered what her ten year old self used to think of this 
lady - the super cook. Back then she hadn't understood how easy pizza 
could be to prepare.
        Imogen was already sat at the table, eagerly awaiting her food. 
Louise took a seat opposite her.
       "One pepperoni pizza and one margherita." Mrs Reed announced, 
placing the plates down in front of the respective teenagers.
"Thanks." said Louise.
"What do you girls want to drink?"
"Coke." she said instantly.
"Orange juice." Imogen said simultaneously.
Mrs Reed was so used to the replies that she did not ask them to respond 
separately. She simply nodded and returned to the kitchen. Louise smiled 
after the woman. 
       She was so lucky. Her Scar was barely noticeable. It was just a 
simple change of hair colour. Louise had overheard their parents 
discussing it one time, back when Elizabeth was still alive. Her mother had 
been complaining about her inability to grip a pen when she had first 
received her Scar. She'd said that Katherine was such a lucky woman to 
have her passive Scar which only resulted in a colour change. As Louise 
watched her leave the room she could hardly think of any disadvantage to 
having a ginger head of hair.  
	Her thoughts were interrupted by the loud sound of chomping 
that came from the other end of the table. Her gaze turned to Imogen 
who was digging into her food happily, as if her hand was a shovel. Louise 
picked up a pre-cut piece of her own pizza, doing so daintily in comparison 
to her friend. She began to follow in her footsteps. Well, mouth-steps.
       "You know -" Imogen said, between bites. "I was thinking that 
maybe -"
       Katherine returned with the drinks and placed them down next to 
the girls.
       "Don't talk with your mouth full honey." she told her daughter as 
she left the room.
       Imogen rolled her eyes and held up a finger to pause the line of 
conversation. Louise waited, Imogen swallowed and then continued.
       "- we could have a sleepover?"
Louise frowned.
"I don't know; my grandparents are being really protective at the 
moment. Besides, Gramma will be annoyed if I'm not awake enough in 
the morning to actually go to school."
"No she won't." Imogen argued. "She's probably worried enough about 
you by now that she wants you to take a break."
Louise sighed.
"I really don't want to."
"Why not?"
       Imogen shovelled another pizza slice into her mouth as she 
waited for her friend's explanation.
       "I just want to keep busy." Louise replied finally.
"All the more reason for a sleepover!" Imogen exclaimed. "You remember 
when we were little and we'd drag our sleeping bags out into the garden 
just so you could watch the stars?" Louise smiled fondly at the memory 
and nodded. "Well, provided that we drag out a couple of heaters with us 
we could do that again tonight."
       At this notion, Louise seemed to forget about the weather. She 
didn't care. It was winter so of course it would be cold but the main thing 
she cared about was that it got dark earlier. The stars came out earlier. 
Everything began to sparkle at an earlier time of day. Louise started to 
actively consider the sleepover option, searching for additional excuses to 
back up her choice should Etta question it.
       "That could be -"
"Fantastic! I know." Imogen replied, cutting her friend's pondering short. 
"I have thought about it."
"I'll call Gramma." Louise decided and glanced down at her still relatively 
full plate. She took a sip of her drink. "Once I've finished eating." she 
added.
Imogen grinned. 
"Then let's hurry up."
	Together the girls delved into their meals at lightning speed. As 
usual, Imogen was the first to finish. She returned her plate to the 
washing pile in the kitchen and her mother laughed. Louise waited to hear 
the usual exclamation and sure enough it arrived.
"Your stomach just keeps on growing!" Katherine cried in amusement.
"What are you gonna do about it?" Imogen replied, in a teasing tone.
       Louise smiled. She could just imagine her friend placing her hands 
on her hips as she stood in front of her mother. The first time she had 
visited Imogen's house all those years ago it had been such a shock to see 
the girl come out of her shell when faced by family. Louise had barely 
known her back then and had expected the quiet persona she often held 
in the classroom. By now Imogen's response simply seemed natural.
       "Sit back and watch as your body swells up from too much food." 
Katherine replied, with a chuckle.
"Mum," said Imogen, her voice changing in tone. She went from teasing 
to calculated flattery. "the pizza was really great -"
Katherine sighed.
"It's just pizza honey, what do you want?"
"Could me and Louise have a sleepover?"
        Louise slapped her hand onto her forehead. Of course it was only 
now that Imogen thought to consult a parent on the matter. 
       "You know, like we used to."
"What - you mean outside? At the start of winter?" Katherine asked 
dubiously.
"Yeah, she needs cheering up and I'd like to do it for nostalgia's sake." 
Imogen explained. "It's not like it's the middle of winter." she added. "I 
was thinking we could bring out a couple of heaters."
"Hm." 
For a monosyllabic murmur it certainly gave away a lot. Katherine clearly 
wasn't happy about the idea but she was considering it. Louise crossed 
her fingers.
        "Has she asked her father yet?"
"Her dad's at a convention."
"Has she asked Etta yet?"
"She's about to."
There was a long pause. Louise listened carefully. It was like a tennis 
match, the players building up tension before the final serve.
       "If Etta says yes, then I suppose - so do I." Katherine decided. "You 
can't get much more final than that woman's judgment." she added.
"Great!" Imogen exclaimed and skipped back into the dining room. She 
sat down and took a long gulp of her drink. Louise grabbed her phone 
again. "Ah you heard that." Imogen noted.
"Yup. I'm being proactive." 
       Louise dialled her grandparent's home number and patiently 
waited. One of them had to be back from work by now. Nonetheless, the 
call went to answerphone. 
	"Hi Gramma! Um, Imogen's suggested that we have a sleepover. 
It'll be a cool starlit one like we used to do and I just want to ask if that's 
okay. So err - call me when you get this, okay?"
She was ready to hang up when her grandfather's deep voice suddenly 
sounded in her ear.
"Hello Louise, Etta's still at work. I've only just got back - it's been a long 
day." Louise did not doubt the truth of his words, he sounded tired 
enough simply emitting them. "Could you repeat that for me please?"
"Imogen's suggested that we have one of our old starry sleepovers. Is that 
okay?" Louise summarised.
"That should be fine." Jeremy replied. She could almost hear her 
grandfather shrugging. She was glad that he had answered the phone; she 
knew she would've had to fight a lot harder to win her sleepover rights 
with Etta on the line. "I'm not your grandmother but I can guess what she 
would say," he added. Louise's heart sank. "just make sure you don't stay 
up too late and get up on time. School waits for no one." 
Louise felt relieved.
"Okay. I'll bear that in mind. Thanks."
"I'll see you whenever it is I next see you." sighed Jeremy.
"Yeah."
       She hung up. Imogen seemed to straighten in her seat.
"Well?" she said expectantly.
       She looked ready to hang on to Louise's every word. Even though 
it was winter, Imogen seemed equally excited by the prospect of a 
sleepover like they used to have so frequently when they were young. 
That was back before the prospect had dulled in interest and school work 
had gotten the better of them.
       "It's okay!" Louise squealed in response. "I'll just nip back to my 
house and get my stuff -"
"We have a spare sleeping bag. You can grab your toiletries in the 
morning." Imogen told her.
       Louise grinned, it almost sounded as if her friend had been 
planning this but there was one aspect she had evidently forgotten.
       "Immi, I need to get my pyjamas. I might as well get everything 
else."
"Oh. Yeah. Okay." Imogen said, looking a little embarrassed that she'd 
forgotten.
       Louise stood up and walked towards the house portal.
"I'll be back in a minute." 












Chapter 4


Simon approached the unoccupied table and gave the chair in front of him 
a gentle push to make room for his own.  He had already grabbed his 
breakfast from the buffet. 
       He hadn't expected the venue to be quite so impressively posh. 
The marble floor seemed to sparkle beneath him and he'd spent most of 
the morning trying not to stare at it for too long. It was starting to give 
him a headache. The paintings placed on the walls were also exquisite and 
had small tags hanging off them indicating their price and name. If he had 
that much money maybe he might've even bought one. As for the buffet 
itself, it had been surprisingly numerous in its options and he guessed that 
it wouldn't take long to fill himself up. As he stared down at his crammed 
plate Simon suddenly felt glad that the convention offered a discount for 
the hotel. 
	He was surprised that he'd managed to find an empty table. He 
knew that typically at these events there wasn't enough space to sit on 
your own, whether you knew the people there or not. However, he felt so 
daunted by the number of professionals in the room that he was glad he 
had found a spot without them. Surely he could have one breakfast alone 
to pluck up his courage? 
	Simon carefully put on his napkin. He knew this could get messy 
very quickly. He prodded his lone lobster, checking firstly if it really was 
dead and secondly if the shell would fall off. He'd never tried such 
expensive food before and wasn't quite sure of how to go about eating it. 
He began to carefully dissect it whilst checking the timetable for the day. 
       Simon had been handed the leaflet on checking in, along with his 
nametag, and it told him all the details he needed to know. The fine print 
informed him that the first talk was by Asher Reeves in an hour's time. 
       Reeves was one of the more famous psychologists that would be 
attending the convention and Simon was extremely excited, having only 
previously heard the man on the radio. The talk was going to take place in 
this very room once, presumably, the breakfast remains had been cleared 
away. The subject was attachment. Simon knew, from the extensively 
fascinating debates he often listened to, that the man's field focused on 
relationships. The psychologist often advised counsellors in their 
approaches to certain issues. The talk that followed would be by Ryan 
Fitch on the subject of abnormality. According to the leaflet's summary, it 
would look at the genetic nature of certain disorders and personality 
traits. Having never looked into the area himself, Simon was keen to 
explore it.
       "Is anyone sitting here?" asked a stranger, his shadow looming 
onto the leaflet. 
       Simon shook his head as he carefully attempted to extract 
another part of meat from his lobster. So much for a solitary breakfast.
        "Cheers."
       The stranger sat down across the table from Simon with his own 
brimming plate.
"How long are you gonna be here for?" the man asked, making polite 
conversation.
"The whole week probably." Simon replied. "The Airportal I'm using has 
made sure of that."
"Me too. I don't live far from here though." said the man. 
       Simon finally succeeded in breaking off a piece of meat and used 
the chance to look up at the stranger. He searched for a nametag but 
found none. The stranger smiled, understanding Simon's roving eyes. 
       "I keep on forgetting it, I thought I lost it yesterday and now I 
think it's trapped in my room." he explained.
Simon nodded in understanding. It was an easy enough mistake to make.
       "You arrived yesterday?" he asked.
"Yeah, I had to help set up some of the displays. I'm part of the 
organisation team."
"Really?" Simon said. "So you're a psychologist then?"
The man shrugged.
"Most people here are."
"I'm not." Simon pointed out.
"Then consider yourself unique." The man turned his attention to his own 
plate, dressing his mouth with a rather large fried egg in a surprisingly 
graceful fashion, before continuing. "It's starting to really irritate my wife, 
the way I keep running off to these things. Why have you come along?"
"I'm just interested in psychology." Simon replied. "I like to watch 
people."
       The stranger looked up to meet his eyes.
"Don't let anyone else hear you say that. One of the easiest things to do 
on the Set is get sued and it doesn't do anything for your case if you 
sound like a stalker." 
Simon gave him a small smile.
       "It's fun to observe other people's behaviours, they tend to know 
what they're doing and I like to note down the traits of that. I've been 
looking specifically at couples for several years now."
       The stranger frowned, clearly sussing out the disadvantages of 
such an obvious yet supposedly covert method.
        "Are you married?" he asked.
       Simon stared down at his food. He'd decided to forget about the 
lobster for the time being and go onto the easier subject of toast. 
       "Not anymore." he said quietly.
"Oh, I'm sorry."
"Don't be." Simon told him. "It happened a long time ago and I still have 
my daughter."
The stranger smiled at this news.
"What's her name?"
"Louise."
       The stranger paused, waiting for the enthusiastic, or frustrated, 
elaboration that usually came with a parent's mention of their child. 
Simon remained silent. The man's forehead creased in confusion.
	"How old is she?" he asked.
"Nearly eighteen." Simon replied. 
The man's eyes widened in empathy.
"She must be pretty tough to handle." he said. "My daughter's all grown 
up now but I still remember the few weeks before her Scarring. Her 
attitude was a menace! It didn't help that even someone who doesn't 
work in my profession could tell what was wrong. A lot of teenagers act 
up before their Scarring. It's perfectly normal but it can be very difficult to 
deal with. I know a few schools where they have assemblies advertising 
one on one sessions to help them deal with it." said the stranger.
       Simon looked up from his plate in interest. It was a good idea but 
seemed pointless in his case. Louise was fine, although Etta frequently 
insisted she wasn't. The frantic phone call he'd received the other night 
had been difficult to decipher but he'd gotten the gist: your daughter 
needs you. Come home. He had found it much harder to understand the 
reason why he was needed. Etta hadn't been particularly clear. He didn't 
know why she was so worried; Louise was independent, stubborn and a 
little rude at times but that was appropriate for her age. Simon had been 
forced to remind Etta of the Airportal limitations.
       "Louise seems fairly calm to me." he said.
The man stared at him for a minute but abruptly changed back to the 
previous, more painful conversation topic.
       "If you don't mind me asking, when did you lose your wife?"
Simon winced at the memory but replied nonetheless. He knew it 
shouldn't bother him so much now but he still missed her as badly as he 
had on the day she left.
       "Several years ago." he informed the stranger. "She was in 
hospital for a few months but didn't make it."
"When did you start taking an interest in psychology?"
"Well I was interested in it before but never really pursued it as a hobby 
until Elizabeth -" Simon trailed off.
       The stranger put down his cutlery and rested his elbows on the 
table beside his plate.
"It's perfectly normal to distract yourself after someone close to you 
dies." he said in a sympathetic tone of voice. "For a while, you want to 
escape reality. Your way of doing this is clearly by extracting yourself from 
your surroundings and viewing them from a detached perspective and 
don't get me wrong, there are a lot of worse things you could have turned 
to, but at some point you have to come to terms with what's happened."
"What?" Simon supposed that he should have seen this coming. "Thanks 
for your - um - concern but I'm not -"
"And now you're in denial." The stranger sat back and folded his arms. 
"You like psychology as a hobby so you must've done some research into 
its theoretical background. Tell me; has anything I've said sounded 
scientifically improbable yet?" he asked. Simon reluctantly shook his 
head. The stranger leant forwards and placed his hands by his plate. 
"Trust me - your daughter is anything but calm. It's okay to have a hobby 
but to obsess over it is something else entirely. You're neglecting her. You 
may not realise it but it's true and it's happening right now."
"Look, I could go home and help." Simon said, thinking back to the phone 
call. He did feel guilty leaving his daughter alone after Etta had screamed 
at him about the apparent urgency of her situation. "I want to, I really do 
but I physically can't." Simon continued, starting to get angry.
"There's more than one Airportal." said the stranger, pushing away his 
plate and standing up. "Check the timetables."
       "Aren't you going to finish that?" asked Simon.
"Nah. You can have it if you want; I have to be somewhere and so do 
you."
       Simon looked up at the man and his eyes softened as he realised 
something.
"I'm really going to miss your talk Mr Reeves."
The man smiled, confirming Simon's theory.
"Call me Ash." 
       He turned and headed towards the centre of the room as Simon 
did the opposite, feeling distinctly smug. He knew he recognised the voice 
from somewhere.

***

"Gary! Don't forget to clear up once you've finished!" Jeremy called.
"Yes Mr Inwood." the boy sighed as his boss left the office.
       He stared at the design in front of him and compared it to his 
misshapen attempt at copying the image. In practise, the shape was 
almost impossible to replicate accurately. He was getting nowhere. 
       Gary preferred adding style to creations in terms of the outer 
layers. In short, he liked to decorate the surface of clothing, not so much 
to construct its foundations. It didn't help that the image of Bob Pilford's 
corpse seemed to be imprinted onto his eyelids. Every time he blinked the 
body flashed before him. It made him feel sick. He didn't understand why 
anyone would've wanted to murder the man, Pilford wasn't perfect but 
he tried and had frequently upgraded features of Gary's apartment for 
free.
       His stomach groaned loudly. This wasn't his area of expertise. He 
knew that Jeremy didn't believe he had one. Gary would show him 
otherwise but not tonight. It was getting late and he just wanted to 
escape the gloomy building.
        He started to put the unused materials back into their cardboard 
box and placed the used ones in the desk drawer. He turned off the 
sewing machine and the power source, grabbed his bag and headed 
towards the door but not before tripping over the carpet. Again. Gary 
groaned. He really was useless.
        His bag lay open on the floor, having sprayed its contents across 
the room like a toddler who'd eaten too many sweets. He grimaced at the 
disgusting nature of the metaphor his mind had come up with. He really 
needed to get out of this place.
       Gary sat up and began to crawl about the floor, reaching for his 
sewing kit and bandages. Ever since a certain incident, he had always 
carried some form of first aid item with him in case his clumsiness should 
get the better of him at the worst moment; his mother had been a nurse 
so he had plenty of medical know-how. Rather oddly, one of the things he 
understood best from her profession was how to clean up gangrene.
       Soon there was only one thing left to return. Gary reached out for 
it feeling puzzled; he didn't remember putting that in his bag. He didn't 
remember it at all and yet it somehow looked familiar. He picked the item 
up and promptly dropped it again. The jagged edges were sharp as well as 
blue. Suddenly he realised - it was a corner. The corner. 
       The image of Bob's dead body flashed into Gary's mind again and 
he crawled backwards, banging into the desk.
       "Wha - how -" he gasped, unable to comprehend how the item 
had come to be in his apparent possession. 
       He thought back over the day's events. What had he been doing? 
Who had he interacted with? It'd been a normal enough day until the 
explosion. Gary had got up, dressed, breakfasted, told his brother to 
behave himself and left the flat. He'd taken their home portal as usual and 
this time it had sent him to the right place. It was early enough that work 
had been fairly empty and the next person he'd spoken to was Jeremy. 
Could Jeremy have planted the bomb, murdered Bob and placed a piece 
of the Danagem in his bag to frame him? For a while Gary genuinely 
considered the option but eventually came to the conclusion that no, 
Jeremy wouldn't have wanted to put his wife in danger and the reason 
didn't make chronological sense. Jeremy had been in the office when the 
explosion happened, leaving no time for him to kill Bob. That only left one 
person who could've done it. Michael. His brother. Michael who didn't 
even work at Unison. Gary sighed. There had to be someone else. 
       Wearily and with extreme reluctance, he approached the bomb 
fragment. He knew that there was no way it could cause another 
explosion but that did not prevent the feeling of terror from clawing at his 
insides. Gary carefully picked up the corner and put it in his trouser 
pocket, taking care to zip up his bag this time.
       He walked towards the door and started his trek through the 
winding building corridors. He still got lost very frequently despite the 
signs and amount of time he'd spent working at the place as an intern. 
Gary wanted to get out quickly but he knew it would be a bad idea to 
increase his pace. He did not want a repeat of what had happened 
yesterday. That had just been embarrassing.
       He managed to find his way to reception with only a little 
difficulty. 
       "Hey Michael hun!" Vicky called from the desk.
        He ignored her. She was just one of the many people who got 
him and his brother confused. Presumably they had already met when 
Michael visited the company for his job interview. Wait. Job interview? 
Gary picked up speed.
	He dashed around the back of reception to the work entrance and 
typed his home coordinates into the portal. He stepped into the copper 
whirlpool and allowed himself to be sucked back to his apartment. When 
Gary stepped out the other side he surveyed the grey room; Michael 
didn't appear to have got back yet. For now he was alone, simply relieved 
that the portal had spit him out into the correct location.
       Gary headed towards the kitchen, ignoring the flickering lights as 
he passed over the room's relatively small carpet. It had once been 
beautiful, covered in intricate patterns but now the majority of the 
decoration was obscured by stains. 
       He opened the fridge and grimaced. They appeared to have 
another maggot infestation. Flapping his hand in the naive hope that it 
would remove the repulsive stench, Gary turned to grab a chair. He 
wedged the unfortunate object by his side to keep the fridge door open 
and grabbed the remains of their tattered mop. It still leant beside the 
fridge after their last encounter, as did the bucket.
        He kicked the battered, makeshift bin/bucket so it sat in front of 
him. Nervously, he reached out for the top shelf and pulled the edge 
slightly. A packet of half open old cheese fell over and a group of maggots 
cascaded down with it. Gary drew back his hand instantly, wishing he'd 
worn gloves. He raised the withered mop and used the wooden end to 
poke the lot down into the bin. He missed. 
       The clump of maggots fell onto the floor, and Gary narrowly 
avoided it. He jumped onto the chair, quietly marvelling that he hadn't 
missed that too. For a few moments he simply cowered as the creatures 
swarmed the floor. He hated this but now he really had to fix it. 
       Holding the centre of the mop, so he could use the proper end 
without getting maggot germs on his hands, Gary started to brush the 
squirming creatures onto the rug that lay outside the fridge for such 
purposes. Once he was sure he had successfully herded them all onto its 
centre, Gary jumped down from the chair and gathered up the ends of the 
fabric, tipping them into the bin. Thankfully this time it didn't overflow. 
       He dropped the carpet and grabbed the bucket, placing his hands 
on both sides and shook it lightly to make sure no maggots were climbing 
up the sides. He headed towards the window and opened it as best as he 
could with one hand. Just outside it sat their tiny window garden. 
       Over the years that Gary had lived in the apartment, the blooming 
lilacs, through no fault of their own, had gradually condensed into a 
compost heap. Only occasional poppies, that seemed to be able to survive 
anything, poked their heads up above the rotted dumping ground and 
even those most perseverant of flowers were wilting. 
       Gary sighed and tipped the contents of the bucket onto it. He 
then withdrew and closed the windows. Benjamin would've never had to 
deal with this kind of problem.
       He wandered towards the kitchen sink and dumped the bucket in 
it, turning the tap on. Gary shivered: partly because the heating hadn't 
been working for several weeks now but mostly because maggots made 
his skin crawl. He was going to have to buy some new food. A lot more.
        As he waited for the water to run hot, he returned to the fridge. 
He was pleased to note that he had removed the worst of it. Now he just 
needed to check if any of the remaining food was edible. 
       Gary started to go through the shelves, feeling a lot more 
comfortable when he wasn't being watched by several hundred wriggling 
eyes. Unfortunately, virtually everything seemed to be out of date and 
several of his favourite items were startlingly discoloured. He scooped 
each packet into his arms and added them to his compost heap, unsure of 
what else to do with them. For the third time that day he returned to the 
fridge and scoured the shelves. There appeared to be two, rather 
insubstantial, packets of microwaveable curry at the bottom. He grabbed 
them and hurried over to the microwave after moving the chair so he 
could close the fridge door. He was starving.
       He snatched a fork from the kitchen work surface and stabbed a 
couple of holes in the packets before he closed the microwave door on 
them, set the timer and pressed go. Nothing happened. Gary frowned and 
whacked the back of the microwave with his hand in frustration. He really 
needed to get round to calling Bob about this - then he remembered. 
Never mind. Cold curry for dinner would just have to do. 
       He set the table, pausing only to add some liquid soap to the 
boiling bucket of water. He turned the tap off so it could soak. 
       Gary placed two worn placemats, a couple of extremely old, 
chipped glasses, the forks and the food itself onto the table next door. 
Home sweet home. 
       He grabbed a hand held liquidizer from the kitchen and plucked 
two straws from his pocket. Gary set to work on his meal. He ripped the 
cover from his packet and inhaled the fresh, non-maggot smell. Part of 
him didn't want to eat it; he just wanted to revel in the moment but his 
stomach thought differently. At its loud growl, he thoroughly liquidized 
the packet's contents, placed the garish straw into the mix and tucked in. 
He found that he didn't particularly care about the temperature of the 
meal. He wolfed down the first few bites - well, sucked and his mind went 
back to Benjamin. He had changed very little. Gary had almost forgotten 
how frustrating his incessant optimism could be.
        The man had no idea how lucky he was! His Scar was a simple no 
sense of smell. All it did was make his nose appear a little wonkier than it 
should be. The last thing that had done was limit him in any shape or 
form. Gary still remembered the man's excited tinkering. They'd never 
been in the same class but that hadn't stopped the news from spreading. 
Benjamin was a genius, Benjamin was an entrepreneur, Benjamin was 
going to university at a young age, Benjamin was undoubtedly better than 
you - even if you helped him out from time to time. At Gary's old school, 
the man had been someone to be worshipped. He was not even old 
enough to be called a man at that time but many teachers had argued he 
had the mental capacity of one. Gary wondered if anything had changed 
now that the child genius was situated in the real, working world where 
all the intellectual lights seemed to glow in a dimmer fashion. Suddenly, 
his thought process was interrupted by the arrival of his brother.
       Michael stepped inside and closed the apartment door on their 
portal. Gary nursed his meal and focused on his brother. He couldn't help 
but feel irritation at the receptionist. They were so different! Yes, they 
were both black, they were both male and they had a similar face shape 
but that was as far as the similarities went. Michael was a head taller than 
him despite being a year younger and his hair was far more neatly 
attended to than Gary's ever was. Plus Michael's oversewn stitches were 
different to his. Whilst Gary's lips were loosely sewn together with a fine 
white thread in a manner that made him look permanently upset, 
Michael's lips had been attacked with a medium size piece of rope in such 
a fashion that he had a permanent smile. If that wasn't enough, Michael 
had a deep, hypnotic voice that could attract whoever he set his sights on. 
In many ways, the brothers were pure opposites.
       Gary's thoughts were promptly interrupted as he made the 
mistake of blinking and the image of Bob flashed into his head once more. 
It reminded him of why they had to talk.
       "How was work?" he asked.
"Alright," Michael replied. "what about you?"
Gary glanced down at his food.
"I met Benjamin." he said.
Michael winced.
"And?"
"You were right." Gary sighed. "He didn't recognise me and I'm even kind 
of happy about it."
       Michael gave him a knowing look. Gary knew he looked anything 
but glad. However he also knew that his expression was partly down to 
the maggots and the fact that his lips were tied in a permanent sulk. He 
knew that his brother should know him well enough by now to distinguish 
between the stitching and the real expression but sometimes Gary 
wondered.
       "Well, I did tell you he was kind of clueless about anything but 
electronics. You don't get to his position without that kind of 
obliviousness." Michael paused to glance down at the packet in his place 
on the table. "Is that dinner?"
Gary nodded.
"It was the best I could manage. We had another infestation." he said 
apologetically.
"If that means we can have curry every night that's fine by me!" his 
brother announced and sat down across the table from him.
"No, it's not good enough." Gary sighed. 
       Nothing was good enough at the moment. Michael shouldn't have 
to work to scrape together their rent - he should be at school working 
towards his next academic qualification. Gary was sure that despite 
Michael being no Benjamin, he had every right to a decent education. 
       "We deserve better than this. Mum would've never -" Gary 
trailed off as his brother glared at him.
       The teenager stared at his food. He knew he shouldn't have 
brought her up but he couldn't help it. 
       "Mum doesn't live here anymore." Michael said firmly. "She's in 
an institution where she belongs. She's not on our side anymore - never 
forget that. Whatever you are going to say, she would've."
       Gary pushed over the liquidizer and extra straw. Michael 
prepared his food, placed the straw in the usual gap between his stitches 
and started to eat. Well, drink. Gary watched him. 
       It was amazing how quickly he had managed to avoid the topic of 
work. The last thing that Gary wanted to do was chase up on his 
suspicions. What if they were true? He repressed another weary sigh, this 
time the frustration was directed more at himself. He knew that his 
suspicions were the whole point of asking the question: to find out if his 
brother was putting everyone in danger. There was an equal chance that 
Michael was perfectly innocent. In theory.
       "You said you were going for a job interview a while back?" Gary 
asked finally, committing a quick topic change in the process. 
"Yeah." Michael replied. "It didn't pan out."
He shrugged and Gary sighed in relief. He felt a little sorry for him; he 
knew how much Michael had wanted a job; to work at Unison had been 
one of his dreams from a young age but for now all Gary could think of 
was that his brother couldn't have arranged the explosion. He couldn't 
have killed Bob. Why would he have wanted to anyways? He had nothing 
against Bob Pilford. Bob was the one who had sent their mother to the 
institution in the first place. Bob had done so much for them despite 
never being there.
	Michael took his brother's sigh for one of weary disappointment.
"Relax! I got a new one at Unison." he told him.
Gary's eyes widened.
"What?" he gasped.
"Yeah, I'll probably be seeing you around more in the day." Michael 
grinned. "Won't that be cool?"
       Gary put down his straw.
"When do you start?" he asked.
"You mean did. I've been working there for about a week now. The place 
is pretty unorganised but I'm surprised you haven't spotted me yet. I saw 
you a couple of times."
       It was Michael. Michael did it. It had to be him. Gary felt his hands 
clench up in fear as a sick feeling washed over him. Slowly, he attempted 
to calm himself and relax his muscles, reaching into his trouser pocket for 
his phone. He grasped at the rough fabric. It wasn't there. He searched his 
memory for where he could've left it and realised that he must've 
accidentally flung it out of his pocket when he had tripped back at the 
office. Gary stood up and went over to the bag that he'd left on the floor 
earlier to double check.
       "Did you hear that bang go off?" he asked, trying to keep the 
conversation going. 
"Yeah! It was kind of difficult not to hear." Michael replied. "Nothing 
serious happened though right?"
"A man died." Gary said quietly.
"So? Men do that all the time, not to be sexist, so do women. It's life." 
       Michael chuckled. Gary was glad he was no longer facing his 
brother. His shocked expression would've given him away in an instant. 
His phone, unfortunately for him, was definitely not there. He looped the 
bag handle around his wrist and headed for the door. Gary opened it and 
typed the coordinates 999 into the portal keypad as covertly as he could 
manage, desperately hoping that the system wouldn't be faulty this time 
round. 
       "Where are you off to?" Michael asked.
"I just remembered, I think I left my phone at the office." Gary told him.
It was not exactly a lie.
"Well, have you looked in your bag?" Michael asked, standing up from his 
seat and approaching his brother.
"Yeah, I'm pretty sure I left it at the office." Gary repeated, trying to keep 
his voice steady.
       He turned to walk through the portal. He'd definitely stuck 
around home long enough. 
       He felt the warmth of the green colours consume him but 
something was wrong. Someone was pulling him back, tugging at his 
sleeve. Gary reeled backwards into the apartment, falling over in the 
process. His head connected with the cold floor as he found himself 
staring up at Michael. The corner of the Danagem had flown out of Gary's 
other trouser pocket and rested on the floor above his arm. Michael 
cocked his head onto one side and looked at it.
       "You weren't going to tell on me were you?" he asked.
"N-no!" Gary gasped, wincing.
"Cause if you were, that's a shame. I was going to tell on you and now 
you've ruined it. You know, I find that when something's ruined, by 
definition, it tends to get worse." 
       Michael turned to grab his cup from the table and Gary tried to 
get up, to escape before his brother could do anything that he would end 
up regretting. He was too slow. 
       "You should've let me tell on you." Michael said, as he swung the 
glass at Gary's face.

***

Michael stepped out of the portal into the city centre with a smile on his 
face. It was such a beautiful night. The streets were empty, only 
consumed by silence. The fact that nobody had dared to venture outside 
on such a beautiful evening didn't make any sense. Michael began his 
stroll down the cobbled road, his footsteps echoing as he moved. 
	He'd forgotten how peaceful it could be, walking. Portals had 
been the mainstream form of travel for so long. It almost made him want 
to go to a retreat he saw so often advertised amongst the sea of public 
messages. 
       As soon as he had grown tall enough to reach the keypad, Michael 
used to type random numbers into the apartment portal and see where it 
would take him. Many times he found himself walking up to closed doors 
and having to return home through the colourful vortex but more often 
than not, he found people doing the strangest things. That was back 
before his parents had had their messy break up so Michael had only been 
given a light telling off and a lecture on the dangers of the unknown. That 
hadn't stopped him. He'd kept portal hopping, just when his parents' 
backs were turned. After they had split up he didn't bother to hide the 
action anymore. What he did no longer mattered. 
       Portal hopping afterwards had seemed less exhilarating because 
nobody was trying to catch him in the act. Every time Michael spied 
couples through unclosed doors they were most likely happy as opposed 
to fighting. Worst of all, they were smiling. What gave them the privilege 
to smile? Michael hated it. He was forced to smile on a daily basis even 
when his lips became gangrenous but there they were smiling with such 
ease and joy. They didn't deserve it. 
       Michael picked up the pace, peering into gardens as he strode. He 
wasn't searching for anyone or anything in particular; he was simply 
waiting for them to present themselves to him. People placed portals in 
their front doors but they never thought far ahead enough to add them to 
their gardens. It was much harder to escape from gardens. It was silly 
really and a huge security flaw but it seemed that people's blind spots 
tended to be behind them. Or sometimes, right in front of them. He 
sniggered. 
       Suddenly the silence was interrupted. Michael frowned. Someone 
was giggling. He listened closely and realised that two, females were 
giggling. They sounded young. He approached the noise hoping to 
determine its source. He almost laughed himself at the fence which 
surrounded the garden. Sure, the grass was tucked away but the gate was 
truly amusing. He could easily climb over it and did so, making sure to 
duck behind a hedge before the girls could see him. He felt a little like a 
cartoon character peering through the leaves but that only heightened 
the excitement of the action. Michael watched and winced, giving his 
tender head a gentle rub. 
       Despite the fact that his brother had been on the floor he'd still 
been relatively effective at defending himself. He had left Michael with a 
stinging gash on his forehead decorated with small splinters of glass and 
an ache that seemed to encompass him in general. He ignored the pain 
and returned his focus to the girls he could see through the bush.
       Bizarrely, they appeared to be laying out sleeping bags. Michael 
ducked as a slender, olive skinned teenager approached the hedge. She 
placed a large object by it and moved away. On closer examination 
Michael realised that it was a heater. How hospitable of her. The only 
disadvantage of the object was that it obstructed his view. He crawled 
towards the hedge on the other side of him for a better, leaf ridden 
perspective. Michael smiled genuinely. His lips did not move but there 
was a certain glimmer to his eyes that gave it away if you looked closely 
enough. 
       He already recognised one of them. Her friend muttered 
something to her as she began to slip into her own sleeping bag, setting 
off another bout of laughter. Michael tilted his head to one side. What 
gave her the right to smile?
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       

Chapter 5


Louise laughed as her friend snuggled into the sleeping bag beside her. 
Imogen smiled.
"What?" she said. "It wasn't that funny."
"I-I know - it's just -"
Louise gasped for breath inbetween chuckles. Imogen nodded.
"I get it."
       She understood that the laughter was more hysterical than 
anything else. 
	Finally Louise's chuckles died away and the pair stared up at the 
night sky.
"It's beautiful." she said quietly.
"Yeah." Imogen agreed. "Go on, show me the constellations. I know you 
want to."
       Louise grinned. She raised an arm to point into the open sky.
       "That one, just to the left of us is beta behemoth." she said.
Imogen squinted into space.
"Where?"
"You see that really bright star, next to that clump of four?"
Imogen gazed into the air, searching the stars. It took her a little while but 
she eventually spotted the clump.
       "Err - yeah?"
"That's it."
"Oh." 
       Imogen did not sound terribly impressed but Louise didn't care. 
Stargazing was more for her benefit than her friend's and there were 
plenty of far more interesting ones than the lone star she had pointed 
out.
       "Over there, that's the great mouse." Louise explained. "The little 
mouse is just above it to the right." 
       Imogen spotted this one much faster than she had done with the 
previous star. At least the constellation actually looked like a mouse. That 
was more than could be said for its smaller counterpart which looked 
more like a triangle shaped box with a tail.
       "Any particular reason why there are vermin in the sky?" she 
asked.
"Well, let's just say the great cat wasn't too happy." Louise teased. "She 
loved to torture the rodents. Her dog master had sympathy for the mice's 
plight and so, using his mystical powers of dogginess, he decided to send 
them somewhere that they couldn't be harmed by his mistress."
Imogen laughed at the ridiculous story.
"How do you make this stuff up!?" she exclaimed.
"Practise." Louise replied smugly.
"Okay, what's that one directly above us?" Imogen asked. "What's its 
story? I mean, even I can see the pattern so it must be relatively 
important."
       Louise gazed up. She knew instantly what her friend was talking 
about.  Above them, lay a constellation that very obviously adopted the 
smooth, albeit dot to dot, curves of a teardrop. 
       "That's Wet Luck, sometimes called the Teardrop." Louise replied. 
She gave Imogen a small smile. "It has a sadder story than some of the 
others. It's said to be the tear of the first woman to have been Scarred."
Imogen frowned.
"Oh."
"According to legend her name was Rosalie. When she hit eighteen her 
left eye was spontaneously covered in vicious, reddened scars. People say 
it's where the origin of the name Scar first came from. Her eye was no 
longer functional and no operation could save it or remove it."
"Ouch." said Imogen. 
Ignoring the interruption, Louise continued.
       "Back then, having such a physical disability was looked down 
upon, no matter how small it was. Rosalie's husband left her and her 
children couldn't stand to be in her presence. It was a long time before 
she found the comfort of love or family again."
"God." Imogen gasped. "What happened inbetween?"
"She cried." Louise replied simply. "She didn't know what else to do. 
Nobody was willing to help her or knew how to. Many were disgusted just 
by approaching her because she could only cry proper tears through her 
right eye."
"Wow. I'm so glad we live now and not then."
"Me too." said Louise with a sigh. "We've moved on a bit."
"More than a bit!" Imogen exclaimed. "You don't get people leaving you 
because you've hit eighteen."
Louise sighed and rolled over.
"No. They just leave you earlier when they think that no one will notice." 
she said very quietly.
       Nonetheless, due to the proximity of their sleeping arrangement, 
Imogen still heard her.
"What?"
       Fortunately for Louise, both of their thought processes were 
loudly drowned out by Katherine's startled cry that came from the 
kitchen.
       "WHAT?"
       Imogen frowned.
"I think I'll go see what's going on in there. Back in a moment." she told 
Louise.
	Reluctantly, she removed herself from the warmth of her sleeping 
bag and headed back into the house. When Imogen entered the kitchen 
she saw Damien facing her mother. He had finally come home. They'd 
been starting to wonder where he was. Normally, work never extended 
this long into the evening.
       "You took your time." she said.
He turned to face her, a slight wobble in his step.
"Bob's d-dead."
"What?" Imogen gasped. She turned to examine her mother's expression, 
seeking validity for the claim but was met by her devastated eyes. They 
had all known Bob and now they would never know anything more about 
the friendly man. "What happened?"
"I - I got a phone call from this puh - policeman. Bob got - murdered." 
       Damien closed his eyes for a few seconds before sitting down on 
top of the sink draining board. Under the usual circumstances Imogen 
knew that their mother would be telling him off but right now nobody 
cared about such small, irrelevant details. Damien could probably get 
away with shooting one of the house windows at such a moment. 
       Imogen walked over to him. He stank of alcohol. She realised that 
was probably why he had been gone for so long. Not that she blamed him.
       "Do they know who -"
"No."
       Imogen cast her eyes downwards to admire the floor. She didn't 
really know what to say. She opened her mouth to attempt some words 
of comfort when she was interrupted by a loud, piercing scream. All heads 
bobbed up.
       "Louise." Imogen gasped.
       The trio dashed back into the garden with Imogen leading but the 
area was empty. Her friend was gone and the garden gate was open 
although such an action had clearly been forced on it.
	Imogen's mother was the first to react, drawing out her mobile 
phone instantly. The two teenagers used the precious minutes to simply 
stare at the empty sleeping bag where Louise should have been lying. 
Imogen barely registered Katherine talking on the phone but suddenly, 
Damien seemed to snap into action. He ran through the gate, in a slightly 
unbalanced fashion due to the amount of alcohol he'd consumed that 
evening, and observed the area around him. It was empty. He listened but 
for once there were no tell-tale footsteps echoing across the cobbles. He 
was the loudest person on the street. Whoever had taken Louise was fast. 
       He returned to his family to share the group panic. What if she'd 
been kidnapped by the murderer? More importantly, what had the killer 
done to silence her?

***

Louise blearily opened her eyes with a grimace to find herself staring 
down at the grass below her. It seemed to be passing by without her feet 
even making contact. Instead, a stranger's unfamiliar shoes sped across 
the ground. Someone was carrying her. The jogging movement made her 
feel sea sick. It didn't help that Louise gradually came to realise that she 
was hanging upside down over the said stranger's shoulder. As the blood 
rushed to her head, she frantically tried to think back to what she'd been 
doing that evening. It didn't take her long to remember. The sleepover 
had been going so well up until now.
       "W-who are you?" she groaned as loudly as she dared.
"I'll tell you later." a deep voice informed her.
       Whoever he was, he was fast.
       "That was a nice story you told." he said. 
"Huh?"
"The one about the woman."
       She shivered. He'd been close enough to listen. Louise ignored the 
man's sudden fascination with depressing constellations and responded 
with a simple question.
"Where are we going?"
       He let out a thin chuckle.
"That would be telling."
       For a while there was silence but eventually he felt the need to fill 
it.
"What's your name?" he asked. Louise stubbornly refused to reply. "Okay 
then. I'll call you Rachael."
       Suddenly, she felt his grip loosen for a second. Louise twisted her 
legs, kicking out at him and then she fell headfirst onto the grass. She 
crawled backwards, stumbling to her feet. She glanced down at herself 
and realised that she was covered in a mixture of leaves and dirt. What 
had he done? More importantly, what was he going to do.
       "I'm not going anywhere with you!" she cried as the stranger 
turned. "SOMEONE HELP!" she screamed.
       Now that she could see him fully she realised he was nothing but 
a boy, only a little older than herself. She didn't have time to react to his 
horrific Scar; she focused her efforts on trying to scramble away from him. 
Michael didn't look particularly perturbed. He simply strode towards her, 
a disturbing level of confidence in his step. He cocked his head onto one 
side.
       "Yes you are." he said calmly, lips barely moving.
"Get away from me!" Louise shrieked.
He let out that eerie chuckle again.
"Why would I do that? You came to me. Twice." he said. "You were at the 
playground garden; your grandparents were at Unison, they rarely stop 
talking about you, and now this? It's fate." 
       Louise didn't pause to ask why he had mentioned her 
grandparents. For the first time she was glad her father wasn't in town. 
She started to run.
       "Aw, don't be like that." he sighed and gave chase.
	The sprint was a brief one. Louise felt too dizzy to get far and they 
both knew it although she still screamed herself hoarse. Michael didn't 
even need to speed up. She fell within a few metres of moving, feeling the 
ache in her head subside as she caved into the darkness. Michael simply 
smiled, as he always did. He knew from experience that people were far 
easier to carry when they didn't fight back.

***

"We're going to need a search party." Fred sighed.
       This was really not his week. He'd had to examine two mutilated 
corpses and now a girl, mostly likely to become the third, was missing. 
Needless to say, her friends and family who currently stood in front of him 
(minus the girl's father) were not reacting well, especially the young man. 
Katherine could also tell and was thankful that her son had sobered up 
somewhat before the police detective had arrived. It was curious how the 
same man seemed to be on everyone's case this evening but she wasn't 
too bothered about pondering such small details when there was a real 
danger lurking in the dark for Louise.
       "That will take too long!" Damien protested.
"Well unless you know where this invisible man went, we haven't got any 
other options." Fred told him angrily. The teenager's impatience was 
starting to get on his nerves. "I've already phoned for back up; in the 
meantime we're going to have to split up. I don't want anybody going 
round in a group smaller than three, understand?"
The group nodded, Damien doing so reluctantly.
       "No being a hero." Fred continued. "If any of you think you know 
where she might have been taken you tell me instantly." He recited his 
mobile number and exchanged numbers with the other members of the 
second group, watching as they slowly added him to their contacts. "You 
have no excuse." he told them.
	Jeremy, Katherine and Imogen joined to form one group, leaving 
behind Fred, Damien and Etta. Fred tried to keep his expression neutral 
but he wasn't particularly happy at being placed alongside the woman 
who'd shown him up at the crime scene with her knowledge and the 
grouchy boy who had only recently sobered up.
       "Let's go this way." Damien announced, pointing across the 
cobbles. 
He didn't give the pair the chance to respond, he simply started moving. 
Etta sighed but followed him. Fred glanced back at the other group as 
they started to walk in the opposite direction. The cobbles rang out 
beneath both groups as they strode down their independent streets.
       "If we don't find her -" Fred began.
"It's a little early for that don't you think?" Etta said sternly.
Fred sighed.
"Yes but it's a real option we have to consider. If we don't find her today-"
"Then we keep searching." said Damien firmly.
"Exactly." Fred replied. He wasn't disagreeing; he was simply being 
practical. It would make everyone's job a lot easier, particularly his. "Same 
time tomorrow - wherever we haven't covered tonight, we'll start to 
cover then."
       The group kept walking, although doing so seemed to have made 
little progress yet.
	"Do either of you know anyone who would want to harm her?" 
Fred asked, resorting to basic police questions in a hope for any 
meaningful answers.
"That evil man, who killed Scarlett and assaulted Louise!" Etta replied. "I 
don't know why or who he is but he sounds plausible enough. He pushed 
a slide on my granddaughter!" she exclaimed.
"Wait - what?" said Damien, forehead creasing in confusion. 
Fred sighed. He was surprised that the teenager didn't know yet.
"You've seen today's public messages, right?" he asked.
"Well, yeah."
"Scarlett Davis was killed yesterday at the local nursery." Fred explained.
       Damien's eyes widened. The nursery was having an afternoon of 
silence in memory of one of their younger friends who had recently 
passed away. The text on the monitor had made it seem so peaceful. It 
had been full of melancholy but simple. No ulterior motives and certainly 
no murder.
        "What does that have to do with -"
"Louise volunteers at the nursery." Etta added. "She wants to be a social 
worker."
       Damien frowned. He knew so little about the girl he was searching 
so desperately for. He cringed at the memory of what he had told her 
earlier in a bad attempt at blind consolation. 
       Don't worry traumatised person, that evil murderer bloke will just 
sort himself out! You can deal with dying can't you?
       "What do you do in your spare time dear?" she said suddenly.
Damien stared at her.
"What?" he replied.
"We can walk and talk can't we, officer?" she asked, turning to Fred.
The man nodded.
"Do what you want. I'm trying to stay focused."
       Fred tuned out the conversation entirely and kept his eyes on the 
path ahead. Damien's eyes remained fixed on Etta.
       "You don't seem that worried." he noted.
"That's because I'm distracting myself." she replied. "Now answer the 
question."
It took Damien a few minutes to recall what the question had been 
through his confusion.
"I - I - erm -" he stuttered. 
       He knew that such a simple question should not be so difficult to 
answer. It was probably due to his mind focusing on other issues. Etta 
sighed.
"I'll go first then shall I?" she offered. "I like tinkering with my arm, 
making the wrist learn new tricks."
"Uh - tricks?" said Damien, glancing at the woman's robotic limb.
"I first started practising when Louise was little. I just liked to see that look 
of joy on her face." Etta smiled sadly. Already they were back onto the 
topic of her granddaughter. "I can show you if you like."
       Damien was torn. He wasn't a little kid anymore but part of him 
desperately wanted to be. Eventually he gave in to his inner child.
       "Okay."
       Etta's smile grew and she typed a series of numbers into the black 
keypad. Her wrist shot into the air with a loud click and hovered between 
the two men. Fred jumped backwards and let out an amusingly high-
pitched shriek, promptly followed by an exclamation.
"What on the Set is tha - oh." He let out a sigh of relief as he put two and 
two together. Damien and Etta chuckled beside him. "What?" Fred 
snapped. "It looks like a spider!"
"Oh dear," Etta laughed. "you're just like my son."
       At the thought of Simon, Etta's laughter stopped. His daughter 
was missing and unless they found her before he got back from the 
convention someone - most likely her - was going to have to explain 
Louise's absence. At this revelation there was a distinct lack of idle chit 
chat and they kept walking. 
       About ten minutes later Damien finally thought of his answer.
       "Video games." he said.
Etta tutted.
"How boring."
"I don't have time to learn any new skills!" Damien complained. "I'm too 
busy with work." He paused for a moment. "Well, I guess I have more 
time now."
"What do you do?" she asked.
"I work - used to work, for DIY Guy." he said quietly.
Etta looked at him, the sorrow plain in both of their eyes. 
"I'm sorry." 
He glanced down at the cobbled street.
"Me too." 
       There was a brief pause in conversation as the group thought of 
Bob.
       "Are you going to keep the place running?" Etta asked.
       Damien frowned. He hadn't even got round to considering the 
option yet.
        "I don't know. What about you? What do you do for a living?" 
Damien asked, wanting to think about something else.
"I work at Unison on the engineering floor." Etta replied, typing in a few 
numbers into her keypad so the wrist returned to her arm with the usual 
click. 
       Fred relaxed noticeably. Damien would've smiled if he hadn't 
been transfixed on the old woman.
       "Wow." he breathed.
"It's not as impressive as it sounds." she told him.
"Yes it is!" Damien insisted. "You make the soldier uniforms don't you?"
"Like I said, it's not as impressive as it sounds." she repeated, a slight 
coldness added to her tone. "There are plenty of other things I'd rather be 
doing."
"How do you get into a job like that?" Damien asked.
Etta gave him a small smile.
"I did some ridiculous things at university, one of those being making my 
arm. When I finally got called in for a rather delayed Unison check-up they 
were so surprised by my home made solution that they hired me on the 
spot."
       Damien stared at the woman's arm in wonder. Sure enough, 
there was no Unison logo smeared across it like there was on his helmet 
and outfit. Suddenly Fred spoke up.
	"It's getting too late for this. We should all go back home and 
continue the search tomorrow morning." he decided, getting out his 
phone.
Damien didn't look happy at the decision but remained quiet nonetheless. 
       As Fred dialled Katherine's number Damien glanced at the time 
on the screen. The detective was right. It was almost morning. On the 
bright side, at least he didn't have to worry about getting up on time for 
work. Even if he was going to continue Bob's business, who said the place 
had to open at the same time? Damien winced, wishing that he hadn't 
reminded himself of his mentor's absence. He sighed. 
	As soon as he got up tomorrow, the shop would be redecorated. 
Whilst Bob's achievement board was impressive, it was no longer 
necessary and the certificates deserved to be returned to the man's 
family. The board could turn into a memorial for Bob. He deserved to be 
remembered.
       "Same time tomorrow." Etta sighed as Fred started to talk into 
the phone.

***

When Louise came to she did so in darkness. She felt hard wood trapped 
underneath her limbs and realised she was sitting on a rather 
uncomfortable, cold chair.
       "Hello. I'm Michael and I know there are probably a few basic 
questions you'll want to ask me, Rachael."
       He was close. Barely a metre away. She panicked on hearing the 
deep voice again and struggled. Her wrists rubbed against tough rope, as 
did her shorts. She was sitting but not of her own free will. Knowing she 
had no other option, Louise sat and waited for her eyes to adjust as 
Michael continued. Not for the first time, she wondered where she was.
       "One of the killer questions I know a lot of people want to ask but 
are too polite to do so is: how do you speak Michael?" he said, mimicking 
a child's voice as he voiced the question. Louise frowned. It was certainly 
a question she'd been pondering. "The answer to that is practise. After 
this happened, I started to look up ventriloquism. It took a very long time 
but me and Gary learnt to throw our voices." 
       Louise's forehead creased in confusion. Who was Gary? That 
wasn't her only new question, why weren't her eyes adjusting? She could 
barely make out Michael's outline. Where on the Set were they?
        "Another question you'll probably have is where are you but I'm 
not going to answer that one." He chuckled. "And one of the more needy 
things you're probably thinking right now is why me? Well, why not?"
"You're crazy!" Louise exclaimed.
"No, I just don't discriminate." he replied calmly. "Any other questions?"
       For a moment there was silence.
       "W-what are you going to do to me?" Louise asked, all other 
thoughts escaping from her mind in the wake of this most important 
relation to her wellbeing.
She wasn't quite sure why she was asking. Did she really want to know 
what this lunatic planned to do to her?
       "I haven't decided yet." Michael replied, in a pondering tone. "I 
mean, pushing a slide on you was fun but you were still smiling by today 
so it can't have been that effective." Louise was right. She really didn't 
want to know. "I'm sure I'll think of something." he said cheerfully.
       Her eyes had adjusted enough to work out the very basic features 
of his face. She could now see his eyes and mouth. After all, the mouth 
was definitely the more memorable part.
	"So, Rach, what shall we do in the meantime?" he asked. Louise 
remained silent. "If you don't say something I'll choose for you."
She still said nothing, unwilling to give in to the criminal but when he 
spoke again she almost lost it.
       "You can move you know." Michael said, the silkiness of his deep 
voice almost masking the hostile intent within.
"No. I. Can't!" Louise screeched, fighting desperately to keep the hysteria 
out of her voice. "If I could move don't you think I'd be legging it out of 
here?"
       He smiled but that was no development. He didn't physically 
appear to be able to form any other expression, judging by the vigorous 
stitches. To work out his true mood, Louise focused on his piercing eyes. 
They seemed to shine through the darkness and possessed a mirthless 
humour that she knew didn't bode well for anyone. He bent down so the 
coarse rope that bound his lips was touching her ear. 
       "I'll prove it to you." he whispered.
       The back of his hand slid gently across her face, pausing to cup 
her cheeks. Louise screwed her eyes shut and only opened them when his 
skin left hers. His hand rested on the edge of the chair and he gave it a 
gentle shove. She let out a yelp of surprise as the cracked mahogany 
plummeted sideways onto the concrete, dragging her with it. Her head 
made contact with the floor. 
       Louise remained immobile for a few seconds, reeling from the 
impact. A warm liquid trickled down her forehead and the metallic tang of 
blood seeped into her open mouth. She spat into the darkness. He 
chuckled thinly, in an eerie manner that only a ventriloquist of his talent 
could manage.
       "You do have a habit of falling for me, Rach." he teased.
Louise groaned. She knew he was referencing the slide incident of which 
the only part he seemed to remember was pushing the playground 
equipment onto her and not his brutal murder of a child. Plus she now 
had a fictional nickname which was almost equally frustrating. 
       Ignoring the bile building up in her throat, she tried to focus on his 
voice. If - no - when she escaped the darkness she wanted to be able to 
stop him.
       "Why are you doing this!?" Louise exclaimed. "What did Scarlett 
Davis ever do to you?" she asked.
"I do hope you're not referring to yourself in the third person." Michael 
replied. "They say that's the first sign of madness."
Louise winced as her head throbbed.
"You're the first sign of madness!" she moaned. "I'm talking about that 
girl you murdered -"
"Which one?" he interrupted.
There's more than one?
"The four year old YOU BASTARD."
"Oh her." the cheerful, almost teasing additional quality to his voice 
disappeared. "I didn't like her smile." he said simply.
"W-what?" Louise gasped.
It seemed like such a trivial reason for murder. 
"It was too genuine." he continued.
"Your Scar doesn't give you the excuse to punish people who can't feel 
your pain!" Louise protested and recited some age old advice. "It can 
make you or break you and you are given some choice in which option 
you take!"
       It was obvious which option Michael had chosen. For a minute 
there was a foreboding silence.
       "My mouth isn't my Scar." he said finally. "Of course, that's what 
Gary always says but he's wrong. He doesn't remember what she did to 
us." he said, the final statement coming out in a monotonous tone. 
It was almost like he had practised speaking in a manner devoid of 
emotion. It was bizarre how he could change from one to the other so 
instantly.
       Louise gaped. How could the boy's horrendously disfigured lips be 
anything but his Scar? She opened her mouth to argue.
        "My mother did this to us. You're not allowed to lecture me." he 
said, guessing her response.
       The pain in Louise's head swelled alongside her disgust. She had 
no reason to believe the psychopath but somehow his words rang true. 
He had little reason to lie as far as she was aware. The bile pushed its way 
to the forefront of her mouth.
       "I - I think I'm going to throw up." she muttered, shifting her head 
so she wouldn't end up resting in her own pool of sick.
The room seemed to tilt as she adjusted herself.
       "Oh yeah, rub it in why don't you!" he shouted, genuine anger in 
his voice.
Louise blinked.
"Huh?" she spluttered.
"Do you have any idea when we were last able to throw up normally?"
       For one moment an image flashed into her head and she 
grimaced. The mechanics of getting anything through the man's mouth 
made her feel even worse.
       "I really don't want to think about it." she moaned.
"Of course you don't. Nobody likes to think about us! Pilford," he began, 
spitting the name. "just dumped us with her and left without a second 
thought!"
Louise groaned in a mixture of pain and confusion.
"What are you talking about?" Suddenly realisation dawned. "Did you kill 
him?"
       It was difficult to make out in the darkness but Louise thought she 
saw Michael shrug.
"Perhaps."
She gasped in horror.
"W-what was his crime? What did he ever do to you?"
Michael let out a bitter laugh.
"He was a pure bred criminal - he did everything to us and then he left!"
"Why was he with you in the first place?" Louise asked, trying to 
understand what the twisted teenager was talking about with such 
venom.
       "Have you ever met his family?"
       Louise felt his breath brush against her cheek. He was close. She 
closed her eyes again.
"N-no." she stuttered. "But I hear they're just as friendly as he is."
"Wrong." Michael said in a sing song tone. "Everything was perfect until 
he left us for a new family. Then mother dearest went mental on me and 
Gary. She thought we needed fixing." 
       Louise frowned, finally some context. She assumed that Gary, 
whom Michael constantly mentioned, had to be the boy's brother. 
       "He didn't even notice until Gary showed up on his doorstep 
begging for help. Well, I say begging, I mean mumbling. That was back 
before we'd adapted to speaking with our lips strung shut - he had to 
write out most of what he wanted to say but my point is that Pilford 
replaced us with them. The only good thing he ever did was sending 
mother to the institution!" said Michael angrily.
"He was your father." Louise whispered.
"And a shitty one too." Michael replied. "Gary's blocked it out since then; 
he likes to think of our little disadvantage as a Scar but it's much more 
than that." 
"Where's Gary now?" Louise asked, the stranger sounded relatively 
sensible in comparison to this lunatic.
Then again, anyone did.
       "Resting." Michael said. "He'll thank me for it later."
Louise's eyes widened with worry.
"What did you do?!" she exclaimed.
Michael ignored the question.
"Gary's always thought he looked after me." he said. "I suppose it makes 
sense. I'm the little brother who has to deal with the absentee parents 
and the schizophrenic mother: I guess he thought I needed a little looking 
after." Louise swallowed. Gary wasn't wrong. "But I'm not the one who 
needs help." Michael continued. "He's doesn't have a clue! He doesn't 
even know what our real Scar is!"
"W-what is it?" Louise asked fearfully.
"Our eyes changed colour." Michael stated. "Mine used to be green. Now 
they're blue. Gary's changed too, just in the opposite way."
       For a second, Louise felt pity for the boy. It was ironic that his Scar 
was such a mild one in comparison to the brutal, physical one his mother 
had saw fit to grant him.
	"Do you have one yet?" he asked.
"No."
"You look old enough to have one, when's your birthday?"
Louise wondered how he could even tell in the present lighting. She 
replied nonetheless. What did it matter? She'd most likely be dead before 
it.
       "In a few weeks." she murmured.
"I'm sorry, I didn't hear you." Michael said in a mocking tone.
"In a few weeks!" Louise replied, raising her voice.
"Well, we'll just have to wait till then. What date is it?" 
       For a moment she said nothing. 
       "Don't make me ask again."
"The seventeenth." she muttered, the psychopath sounded like a teacher, 
which seemed to make poetic sense to her.
"That's next Monday!" Michael exclaimed. "I can't wait! This is going to be 
so exciting!"
       Louise could literally hear him jumping up and down, his shoes 
bouncing just in front of her face. The noise seemed to echo. She 
wondered again about her location.
       "Yippee for you." she whispered.
"And - and then I can kill you! This is going to be so much fun!" 
       The sarcasm died away from her throat and the terror returned. 
Louise let out a strangled sob, unsure of how else to react. She swallowed 
and tried to keep calm, her Scar, the one eventuality whose possibilities 
used to terrify her was now her only asset. She just had to hope she was 
fortunate enough to be blessed with a useful one, such as her skin 
becoming luminous enough to light up the location or growing spikes so 
large that he wouldn't be able to approach her. Now everything was 
down to chance. It was just her, a psychopath and a God that she didn't 
believe in waiting for the inevitable.
       "I can just remember your smile." Michael said suddenly. "It was 
so frustrating, the way you were looking at that girl. Her smile had been 
irritating enough without yours tagging along." 
       Louise said nothing. His voice was suddenly close by again. Her 
eyes had adjusted just enough to the darkness for her to realise that he 
was lying on the floor, his eyes staring into hers. 
       "Perhaps I could carve it up?" he mused, clearly talking to himself. 
"I could keep your smile permanently upside down if I use the right kind 
of knife technique." Louise shuddered at the thought but then Michael 
sighed. "But it will take me forever to get it right." She relaxed a little. 
Maybe that meant he wouldn't try anything. "I suppose I'll just have to try 
it out on a few other people first." She tensed again as he pushed up off 
the ground and stood. "Yeah, I like that. Practise makes perfect."
"You're a psychopath." Louise muttered.
His eyes locked onto hers.
"No." he replied. "My reality's just a little different to yours.
       "This is your schedule." he announced. "I want you to repeat after 
me. Michael will carve my smile upside down,"
"Michael will carve my smile upside down." Louise repeated reluctantly.
"and then he'll burn me in hell."
"A-and then he'll burn me in hell." 
       The calm, cheerful nature of his tone was almost as terrifying as 
the context of his speech.
       "You didn't say it right! I want no s-s-stuttering." Michael 
commanded.
"And then he'll burn me in hell." Louise said again, struggling to keep her 
voice steady.
"That's better." His hand went to hers which was still strapped to the 
chair tightly by the ropes around her wrists. He shook it with surprising 
gentleness. "Then it's a deal."
	He let go and strode across the room, his footsteps echoing into 
the distance.
"You can't leave me here!" Louise shrieked after him.
He chuckled.
"It wouldn't be the first time."
       His voice carried in what Louise assumed was a cavernous room 
judging by how his footsteps reverberated. Other than that, she was still 
clueless as to where this dark location was. She wondered how Michael 
could even see the door as he left. No light seemed to come from it either 
which meant there was no portal nearby. Part of her dimly wondered if 
she had been confined to a retreat.
       Louise wondered what time it was. Being knocked unconscious 
twice in one evening had skewed her body clock pretty instantaneously. 
She thought back to her family and Imogen. They would get her out of this 
place; they had to be looking for her. Right? But how would they know 
where to look? Louise was lying there and even she didn't know! 
       She closed her eyes. Regardless of how time had passed, or 
whatever time it remained outside of this strange place, she was tired. 
She wanted to sleep but that was easier said than done with the thoughts 
of a frown being carved into her face. Michael knew how to mutilate 
effectively; she knew that much from being at the playground at the 
wrong time. 
       The terror of being burnt alive also kept her alert. Louise was sure 
that if there had been light in the room, her vision would have been in 
high definition due to her peaking stress levels. 
       Hot tears streaked down her cheeks and dripped onto the ground. 
They were almost a comfort, given how cold the air of the room was. 
Michael had to do something about the place's temperature if he didn't 
want her to freeze to death first. To be honest, Louise would be glad if 
that did happen; it would mean that she could escape the more painful 
options of leaving this life. However, none of this thinking was helping her 
sleep. 
       She started counting in her head as her mother had once advised 
on a night of insomnia. The thought of Elizabeth was welcome in such an 
unfamiliar place and soothed her more than the actual numbers. Louise 
could even remember some of the sums her mother used to carry out on 
her paperwork. The friendly context did more for her emotions than the 
hard maths. She had learnt most of her maths skills from her mother and 
was equally adept at the subject. Simply put, Elizabeth had been an 
accountant so she had known what she was doing. The talent for numbers 
had been passed down through the family.
       Louise still didn't understand how her parents had met. Her father 
was a simple factory worker and her mother had been a highly paid pen 
pusher. Louise had faint memories of asking when she was younger but 
had been told it was a little too much for her to understand at the time 
and that she should ask again when she was older. Now her mother was 
gone Louise didn't dare ask her father how they had initially met, knowing 
that it would remind him all too well of how they parted. It was as Louise 
thought of her mother that her eyes began to close and she finally began 
to drift into an unconsciousness of her own choice.



































Chapter 6


Louise was awoken at god knows what time by the sound of footsteps and 
dragging. The room seemed ten times colder which, initially, she hadn't 
thought possible. Her teeth, which seemed to be the only part of her 
asides from her head that wasn't too numb or strapped down to move, 
started chattering. The feeling of foreboding was not helped by the sound 
of something being ominously scraped across the floor.
       "H-hello?" she half whispered, half cried, desperately hoping that 
someone had found her.
"Hello." replied the deep voice. Louise groaned. It was Michael. He 
ignored her response. "It's a lovely day outside. You'd like it. There's 
snow." he told her. She remained silent. "It's been falling for a while 
now," he continued. "it's really quite pretty, like you." 
She frowned at the sudden topic change, what was with the compliment? 
       "Anyways, that's why it's so cold in here." he said. 
       There was another long pause and a further loud scraping sound 
followed. Louise shuddered at the noise but assumed he was dragging up 
a chair to perch on in the darkness. Of course there were plenty of other 
things that the scraping could potentially mean; she simply chose to 
believe the more pleasant option. 
       "You probably can't tell in this lighting but I'm wearing at least 
two jumpers right now." he told her. "You must be freezing." 
"W-why do y-you care?" Louise stuttered. "I-I'm going to d-die here a-
anyways."
"Not from the cold." Michael said firmly.
 He strode towards her.
"S-stay away from m-me!" she shrieked.
       He ignored her protests as usual. They both knew it was far too 
late for that. He placed something warm on top of her shivering figure. It 
was a blanket. He returned to what Louise assumed was a chair.
       "You're a lot prettier when your face isn't blue." he commented.
"W-what? D-do you have n-night vision or s-something?" Louise 
questioned, still stuttering heavily.
"Nah. I'm just good at guessing."
"W-why are y-you here? I-I thought you weren't c-coming back until -"
"Until it was your birthday? I got bored." Louise tensed. Whatever that 
meant, she doubted it was good for her. "So I came here for lunch. 
Figured we could have a chat."
       Louise's stomach growled. So that was the time. She promptly 
closed her mouth. She had no reason to talk to him but that didn't seem 
to stop him from talking to her. It was one of the strangest monologues 
she had ever heard, given the current context. She knew her English 
teacher would've had a field day. It sounded a little like a diary entry.
       "Work was really boring today. The lower floor was still cordoned 
off for investigation. A policeman is still snooping around the building for 
a culprit, apparently. Fortunately he can't just accuse me off the top of his 
head. That would be racism. Anyways, I'm too good at disposing the 
evidence for an idiot like him. Everything I still have is kept nice and safe 
in here."
        Louise tensed underneath the warming blanket. The feeling was 
slowly returning to her limbs as well as the ache of being rigidly strapped 
to the chair but her thoughts were too busy considering Michael's words 
to recognise the dull pain. Did that mean that this room contained 
something other than her, or was he simply referring to her kidnap? Did 
this strange place have bloodied weapons or, even worse, bodies lying on 
the floor that she would soon be joining? Louise was suddenly terrified to 
even twitch on the spot.
       Michael simply continued talking. He did so for ten minutes at the 
most but to her it felt like at least half an hour. After a while she started 
to get so irritated with the mundane activities of his day that she finally 
snapped out a question of her own.
       "What's your job? Other than murdering people."
He chuckled.
"Well you just described priority number one right there. My second job is 
at Unison. I'm a member of the emergency team." Michael told her. 
       Louise swore quietly. 
       "Hey! That's not very nice." She heard a ruffling noise that she 
assumed was him folding his arms. "I'm an important part of this 
community!"
	She sincerely doubted that. If he was part of the emergency team 
he was one of the people who dived through Unison portals to extract 
recently Scarred people from their homes, that is, if the number was 
called. It could've been him that Damien saw when he first became 
magnetised. This murderer could go anywhere he wanted with a ready-
made excuse for his sudden appearance. Portals gave transport but rarely 
excuses for kidnapping people. 
	"What do you do when you're not at school or nursery?" he 
asked, trying to make further conversation.
Louise opened her mouth to answer but then stopped. Why was she even 
considering talking to him? This maniac had murdered a child in front of 
her eyes and she had a nasty feeling that the girl hadn't been his first 
victim. Louise wasn't going to make idle chit chat with the teenager for 
the sake of preventing his boredom. Boredom was a mild punishment for 
his actions but for now it was all she could give him. She remained silent.
	"Oh come on!" he moaned. "You're so boring." Louise said 
nothing. "I guess I'll have to find another way to entertain myself." he 
said.
She could hear the smile in his voice and dreaded to think of how he 
would do so.
       "Wait!" she called but he didn't want to hear her.
       The footsteps faded out of the room and Louise was left alone 
with her thoughts. Michael didn't visit again that day. So she slipped into 
unconsciousness undisturbed. 
	Unsurprisingly, she had some rather vivid nightmares that night 
although it was difficult to say whether it was truly night time or not when 
she was kept in permanent darkness. Even the backdrop of her dreams 
weren't set in the light of day. In fact, they were not too dissimilar from 
her current situation except that there were definitely corpses 
surrounding her. She couldn't see them but she could hear Michael's 
echoing laugh and knew that he had murdered her family. A wave of 
liquid seemed to wash through the cave. She could hear it coming before 
the flood hit her - 
       - Louise spluttered awake with a screech. Water was being 
dumped on top of her face and for a moment she thought she was 
drowning. 
       "You know, you're a loud sleeper." Michael told her.
       At his words she yanked herself out of the shadowy dream world 
and realised that he was waking her up. There was no flood. Her family 
was alive for the time being. She was safe. Well, as safe as she could be in 
the presence of a serial killer. 
       Instead of shying her head away from the water she opened her 
mouth and tried to drink as much as she could whilst it dampened her 
blanket. It tasted foul. Where had he got the stuff from? The extreme 
bitterness was unnatural and she nearly spat some of it out before she 
considered how long it would be until she next got a drink. Surviving 
without food was far easier than coping without water.
       "What time is it?" she asked, surprised by the slightly croaky 
nature of her voice.
"Lunch time." Michael replied. She heard the loud scraping, of what she 
hoped was a chair, sound again. "I thought we should make these chats a 
regular thing."
       Louise wanted to swear, she wanted to kick and punch but she 
knew was physically incapable of doing at least two of those options and 
she was also afraid of the response to the first. She was painfully aware 
that she was walking on eggshells around this psychotic stranger.
	For a while they said nothing. There was just the sound of 
munching that felt all too loud to Louise's sensitive ears. It seemed that 
Michael had taken the liberty of bringing his lunch with him this time. She 
could smell the food. It was Cascian salad; the local specialty. There were 
whole bars dedicated to its creation. Ironically, she hated the stuff but 
now its fragrance couldn't have smelt more appealing. She was all too 
aware of how she hadn't eaten for a day. To take her mind off of it she 
warily started up a conversation.
	"How - ahem - how was your morning?" she asked, pausing to 
clear her throat.
"Not bad thanks." he replied in an appreciative tone. "I had to go deal 
with this kid who'd got horns for a Scar." Louise's breath caught in her 
throat. "Relax! I didn't kill him." said Michael. "He was thoroughly 
miserable; I doubt mutilation would've made any difference to his day. He 
was so whiny!"
       She let out a small sigh of relief which somehow turned into a 
giggle. Michael joined in with her escalating guffaws.
       "What about your morning?" he asked.
"W-what - morning?" Louise gasped, struggling to speak through her 
laughter. "I was - sleeping!"
"It didn't look like you were. You kept on moving your head."
Finally her giggles ground to a halt.
"I was sleeping badly." she said.
There was a brief pause.
"What were you dreaming about?"
"My family."
"I saw Gary today." he told her. Louise said nothing. She simply waited 
expectantly for a further explanation, hoping that the murderer's brother 
was still alive. "I made him promise not to tell anyone about anything. 
Only I'm allowed to tell. He's not allowed to leave our flat either. Oh and I 
saw your little friend creeping around yesterday evening."
"Which one?" Louise asked.
"That ridiculous guy with the helmet." Michael said, snorting at the 
memory. "He was wearing this incredibly stupid suit. Even Gary has better 
fashion sense than that!"
"Damien." she whispered in horror.
       Louise almost hoped that he didn't find her. Michael had only 
been talking to her for the past few days and yet she was terrified of him 
and what he was capable of. 
       "He wasn't alone either." Michael continued. "There was that 
short girl with the olive skin and dark red hair?"
"Imogen."
"Yeah, she was with him, plus a guy with this amazingly neon tail." 
Michael chuckled. "I don't know how they think they're going to find me 
dragging him along. I mean, come on!" he exclaimed. "His tail is a dead 
giveaway! What do they do on stake outs?" There was a moment of 
silence as the pair pondered the scenario. Eventually Michael continued. 
"Hey, do you think he has a tail warmer?"
       Louise couldn't prevent the laugh from exploding out of her 
mouth. It was such a bizarre idea but as she weighed up the options she 
realised that it was probably what the man did. She had only met Fred the 
once and his tail was incredibly eye catching in an almost hypnotic 
fashion. How else could he cope with its brightness?
       "Nah." Michael eventually decided. "It would probably still glow 
through the fabric. Don't you worry Rach, they'll never find you."
Louise gulped. She desperately wanted to be found. 
       "W-why not?" she asked, trying to put her fear to one side.
"Well for starters you're pretty well tucked away. It's not like there's a 
lack of caves in Cascian. They won't know where to start!" Michael 
explained proudly.
       Louise allowed herself a small smile, the first she'd truly felt in 
days. She was in a cave. It was not much but it was a start to unmasking 
the details of her mysterious location. It was something. It would explain 
the temperature drop and it would explain the foul water. They were on 
the coast somewhere. However, she also knew that when Michael wasn't 
present the place was silent. There was no sound of waves. She realised 
that she had to be somewhere in the depths of the mountains. The floor 
was cold but not wet which meant they had to be far back enough to find 
an area that wasn't easily flooded. If that was true, Michael had made 
quite a trek for their lunchtime chats.
       "You're really smart." Louise said, hoping that flattery would 
loosen his tongue further.
"No I'm not." he grumbled. "Gary's the smart one." 
       She frowned. It was not the reaction she had expected. She tried 
again.
       "But you brought me all the way here without that policeman 
getting to you. That's got to take some brains." 
       Personally Louise thought it was dumb luck but he didn't need to 
know that.
       "Yeah, I guess. Gary would've planned it so well that the police 
wouldn't have been called in the first place though."
"You're not Gary." Louise said. 
It felt so wrong, almost comforting her kidnapper.
       "I bet you wish I was!" Michael yelled suddenly. 
Louise flinched as a mixture of fear and confusion spread across her face.
"What?" she squeaked as Michael launched into an upset, yet short-lived 
rant.
"Gary's smart and he can cook and he has a better job and the 
receptionist fancies him and - now - you -" Michael took a deep breath. 
"I'm sorry Rachael but you have to learn." he said, a hint of desperation 
added to his voice.
Louise's eyes widened. Was that a threat?
       "Wait, Michael I don't think you heard me correctly." she 
spluttered. "I'm glad that you're not -" 
"Of course you say that now." he interrupted accusingly, his voice back to 
its normal volume. "You love him don't you?"
Louise's mouth gaped open. 
"I've never even met him!" she cried but Michael obviously wasn't 
listening to her anymore.
"He doesn't deserve you."
       There was sound of metal being unsheathed. Footsteps came 
towards her. Louise's breathing rapidly increased as she realised what was 
happening.
       "Michael no!" she gasped. He knelt in front of her. What little 
light was present was reflected by the blade. "PLEASE!" Louise screamed, 
barely registering the tears that trickled down her face.
       He bent down so his eyes were level with hers. For a second the 
light of the dagger reflected onto them and those piercing blue eyes 
seemed to stare right through her. They shone like the orbs Louise used to 
read about in fairy tale books as a child. They didn't seem human. She 
simply couldn't understand the alien cruelty lurking within their depths. 
       Michael tilted the blade towards her and the light flickered onto 
her face. Louise screwed her eyes shut and braced herself. This was going 
to hurt and it seemed like pleading would do little to change the situation. 
Nonetheless, a final beg for mercy escaped her lips.
"Please don't." she whispered, her voice breaking half way through the 
second word.
       He stroked her cheek, gently grazing it with the knife. She held 
her breath.
"I'm not going to now." he said in his deep, surprisingly soothing tone. 
"But I will and I want you to be thinking about this moment, not Gary, 
when I do."
       Louise didn't dare to voice a response. Not when the chance of 
her mouth moving meant that the blade could potentially dig into the 
surface of her skin even further. Part of her feared, rather nonsensically, 
that Michael was a vampire and once he saw the blood he wouldn't be 
able to stop. He couldn't be human to act like this.
       Finally he drew away.
"Breathe Rachael." he said softly. Louise let out a violent gasp. Breathing 
didn't seem to come so naturally to her anymore. "Do you want me to get 
you a bag?" he asked. Louise simply gasped in response. "I'll get you a 
bag." Michael decided and promptly left, leaving her to spiral into the 
darkness. 
       She was painfully aware of the time ticking past but, much to 
Louise's surprise, he was back before she succumbed to the blackness. 
She heard him sit down beside her and hold out the rustling paper bag 
just as she passed out.
	When Louise came to she could feel a rough fabric underneath 
her head. It was moving. It had a similar texture to jeans. Reluctantly, she 
opened her eyes. Her chest still felt tight but it was moving with more 
ease now.
       "Ssh." Michael hissed softly. His voice came from directly above 
her. Louise realised that her head had to be resting on his legs. He gently 
extracted them from underneath her and stayed sitting by her side. "How 
did you two meet?" he asked.
"W-what do you mean?" Louise replied.
His tone hardened.
"You and Gary."
"Uh -"
       Louise decided that it would be better to make up a story than 
remind Michael of the truth. She was ready to begin improvising when he 
spoke. 
       "My parents met at the hospital." 
"Oh."
"Someone had phoned Pilford instead of a real paramedic to deal with a 
certain situation and mum was working the night shift." 
       Once again, Louise heard venom enter Michael's voice when he 
mentioned his parents. As far as he was concerned it was there for a good 
reason. However she didn't trust his warped version of events. 
       "She was a nurse for a while." Michael continued. Louise said 
nothing. It was pretty clear that her input meant nothing at this stage. "I 
guess the idiot thought Bob had the training to deal with it or that he'd 
ask fewer questions. Next thing you know, eyes are meeting over a newly 
dead corpse. Poetic isn't it?"
She wanted to scream. No it was not poetic, not in a million years. It was 
just about as poetic as Michael's treatment of her had been these past 
few days. 
"How long have I been here?" she wondered quietly, not realising she was 
speaking her thoughts out loud.
       "Only three days." he replied. "I know; time flies when you're 
having fun." 
       Louise grimaced. Time flew when you were unconscious half of 
the time. In any other circumstance it passed her by at a very slow crawl. 
       "Actually, that's four days at least if you count when we first 
met." he added fondly. "You are so beautiful but you still need to lose a 
little weight."
       Louise was unable to prevent the huff of disgusted anger from 
slipping through her lips. 
       "Is that why you're starving me?" she asked indignantly.
"Well duh!" Michael exclaimed. "Look at you - you could be so much 
thinner than that!"
       Something in her snapped at his words. Being starved by a 
depraved lunatic was one thing but being starved because said lunatic 
wanted her to lose weight was ridiculous. Louise promptly forgot her 
captor's tendency for violent outbursts and focused on the present insult.
       "I am NOT fat." she protested.
"But you're not thin either." Michael pointed out.
"Why don't you starve yourself then? I'm sure you could be thinner!"
Michael ignored the retort.
"Hey it's not a bad thing. I thought it was kind of cute at first. You're 
pudgy."
Her eyes narrowed.
"I AM NOT PUDGY."
"Round?"
"NO."
"Robust?" 
       Louise opened her mouth to complain again but didn't do it fast 
enough. Michael took the opportunity to continue his line of the 
conversation.
        "But I think being a bit skinnier will do wonders for your health."
"Before you murder me in cold blood." she reminded, sarcasm starting to 
drip into her tone. "Yeah, being super thin will really help your knife to 
work out where my spleen is!"
"I didn't mean it like that -"
"Yes you fucking did!" Louise interrupted.
"Hey," Michael exclaimed. "there's no need to -"
"I have every fucking reason to swear! Get out!" 
"But it's my cave," Michael began. Louise growled. He should've 
considered that before he added her to the place. "all of my stuff is here-"
"I said GET OUT." she shouted.
       His footsteps trailed off into the distance, leaving Louise to seethe 
on the floor wishing that she possessed the mobility to kick the teenager's 
head in. Who was he to decide she should be starved? Who was he to 
decide what her ideal appearance was?
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
       
Chapter 7
       
       
Louise was still awake when Michael returned with the customary chair 
scrape, at what she assumed was lunchtime, the following day. She was 
even more tired than she was hungry and thirsty but this time she had 
some questions of her own prepared.
       "Hello." he greeted.
       He sounded chirpy and almost cheerful. That was a good sign. 
Maybe he would be fairly receptive for the questions.
       "How do you know my grandparents?" Louise asked.
"I work at Unison." Michael replied. "The emergency team gets around. I 
hear things. Plus, my brother works for your grandfather."
       "Have you done this before?" Louise asked.
"This is at least the second time I've had lunch with you." Michael 
reminded her.
"I mean kidnapping." Louise said. "Am I your first?"
She waited patiently for his answer.
"Well, unless you count my brother - yes."
"What's your mother's name?"
"Mary."
"Where is she now?"
"At the Nylian Institution. It's a place for people like her." Michael replied. 
Louise nodded despite the fact that he probably couldn't see her in the 
dark. She'd heard of the asylum. Institution was simply the title. Some 
people said the story of neurotic Nylian was even written in the stars 
although Louise had yet to discover it. 
       "Look, it's great that you're taking an interest in my life but what's 
with all the questions?"
"I just find it fascinating." she lied, hoping he would be buttered up 
enough to, firstly, not draw a knife out on her again and secondly, tell her 
something she could use. "Anyways, it's not like I've got much to do in 
here."
"Fair enough." he agreed.
       "Have you ever been to the institution?" she asked.
"Sometimes. To visit her."
"You said she was schizophrenic . Didn't you and Gary ever get counselling 
or some form of medical treatment to deal with the aftermath? Maybe 
take away your stitches?" There was a long pause. Michael was silent. 
"Why not?" she continued. "You obviously hate what happened. It's part 
of why you're killing people. When did it happen?"
"Gary was almost eighteen around when it happened and I've always 
looked older than him. We knew nobody would believe us. Gary shut it 
out and he doesn't believe it even happened that way anymore. It was 
hard enough getting Pilford to -" Michael trailed off as he thought about 
his father. "- our mum was a nurse, remember? She could stitch us up 
neatly enough for nobody to realise it was causing us pain! Everyone 
thought it was a Scar. I don't know how, Scars are random not genetic. 
They're unique." Michael explained, an underlying bitterness seeping into 
his tone.
        "Gary was able to work out some of the basics like how to clear 
up gangrene. The infection nearly killed him the first time round." he 
added.
"So it happened recently. I can't believe that." Louise said.
"It's the truth!" Michael snapped. 
"But there's no way there wouldn't be safeguards for something like that 
there had to be something!" she protested. "It's just so wrong."
       She didn't like Michael one bit but what he had gone through 
seemed unnecessarily cruel even for someone of his nature.
       "It doesn't matter anyways, that's not why I kill. I don't take a 
knife to people because I have mummy issues!" he exclaimed. "That 
wouldn't make sense."
       Louise thought it was more to do with daddy issues but decided 
not to say anything more on the subject.
       "Then why do you do it?" she asked.
"Because they deserve it and it is fun."
"Scarlett didn't deserve it!" Louise cried.
"You keep on talking about her but I don't see how she's so innocent." 
Michael replied.
"She was four!" Louise reminded.
"So? She was smiling." he retorted.
"All four year olds smile!"
"She had a big smile."
"So what!?" Louise exclaimed. "I had a big smile before you came along!" 
       There was a moment of silence and for a minute she wondered if 
he was going to treat her angry retort as a confession. Maybe he would 
skin her alive for her smile as well. He'd already tried once. She didn't put 
it past him to try again despite his creepy obsession with her appearance 
and non-existent relationship with his brother. 
	"That's - that's really sweet of you. I think that's the nicest thing 
anyone's ever said to me." he gasped. "I took away your smile."
       Louise frowned. She could hear the appreciative smile in his voice 
- more than normal anyways. Having his mouth set in such a permanently 
cheerful expression seemed to do strange things to his vocal chords.
       "It is?" she asked in bewilderment.
"Yeah. I took away your smile." he repeated. "That's - that is really 
something to say." Michael sounded choked up. His reaction made Louise 
feel sick, more so than usual. "Hold on," he said suddenly. "I've got 
something for you. I'll be right back."
"What?" Louise asked apprehensively.
       Anything he had for her couldn't be good (unless it was food) but 
Michael didn't seem to hear her question and his footsteps raced off into 
the distance.
        Despite the weariness weighing down on her amongst the 
darkness of the cave, Louise managed to stay conscious for his return. 
"I-I thought you might like this." he panted.
       Michael plonked himself onto the floor beside her and there was 
a small clicking noise as he flicked a switch. Suddenly there was light. 
Louise closed her eyes at the brightness she had become unaccustomed 
to.
       "Oops!" he apologised and pointed the beam away from her face.
Cautiously, she opened her eyes.
"What - what is that?"
"It's a torch." Michael said in a matter of fact tone. 
       Now that Louise was looking past the direct beam of light she 
could see that his face was illuminated clearly. The shadows the stitches 
on his mouth cast made his appearance horrific in the surrounding 
darkness. The shadows trickled down the crevasses of his lips like oil, 
staining the skin around them. 
       "But that's not what I wanted to show you." Michael added. 
"Look!" 
       He held out a book with his free hand. Louise stared at it 
curiously. The book was a dark blue sunset, clearly showing day fading 
into night with the addition of stars sprinkled throughout the cover. She 
faintly recognised it. The title was a shining constellation. 
       "I-I thought I could read it to you." he said. He almost sounded 
shy. "I saw you looking at it in a shop window once, back before I knew 
you."
       Louise doubted that Michael knew her even now. She had been 
the one asking the questions, not him. He wasn't really interested in 
knowing her. She was his pet. She just lay in her cage looking pretty and 
making some colourful background noise every now and then. The fact 
that he had been stalking her only confirmed the theory. It certainly didn't 
make her any more impressed by his actions but she did remember the 
book. It had seemed to call out to her from the shop window but the price 
was way above her budget, as usual. Most books she longed to own were 
too expensive to be bought without a part time job.
       "Do you want me to read it?" Michael asked.
"Yes. Please." Louise said, not caring about how pathetic her begging 
voice sounded. 
       She needed a distraction, anything to take her mind off of her 
current situation. She didn't care if that meant him cradling her head on 
the bottom of his lap. 
       "Stories of the Stars, by James Morgan." Michael read, shifting so 
he was lying on the floor beside Louise. He held the book up in his hands 
and rested the torch on the ground so they could both see the writing. His 
deep voice was surprisingly soothing. "Uh - do you want me to read the 
introduction?" he asked.
"Yes." she replied and closed her eyes.
He turned the page and began.
       "Ever since I was a child I was fascinated by astronomy. I loved to 
stare up at the heavens and think of heroes rushing from galaxy to galaxy 
and elderly mice making wizards squeal but I had little patience for 
spotting all the patterns in our extensive skies. After all, I was only eight. 
	"My interest grew as I did, although my patience became even 
shorter. Finally my father suggested that I wasn't really interested in the 
stars themselves; I was interested in the stories behind them. Why was 
the Great Mouse called the Great Mouse? How had the Teardrop come to 
be? Most importantly, how could I learn more? 
	"This book is effectively an answer to all the questions I had as a 
child. Learning about the stars is a great form of escapism which I hope 
my readers will take as much pleasure in as I did. I hope - wait, sorry -" 
Michael trailed off. 
"What is it?" 
       Louise opened her eyes. She had previously closed them to help 
imagine the welcome sanctuary of the Set skies but now the calming 
imagery was jolted away from her. 
       She regretted the action almost as soon as she had completed it. 
The book was still in front of her eyes but now she could see the final 
word on the page. Or rather, not see it. The last sentence was splattered 
with dark, dried blood. Michael was attempting to rub the stain away with 
his thumb but he was only imprinting it further onto the page.
       "I'm sorry." he muttered. "I didn't think he'd gotten any on the 
book." 
       A strange noise came from Louise's throat. It was cross between a 
wail and a wheeze and sounded like somebody had stuffed sandpaper 
down her gullet. Overall it sounded wholly unpleasant. 
       "Jesus!" Michael exclaimed. He visibly flinched, the book jumping 
in his hands. "What was that for?"
"S-sorry." she replied, not meaning it in the slightest. "I'm thirsty."
"Well you only have to live with it for one more day." Michael pointed 
out.
"What?" Louise gasped. "I have a week at least! My birthday's not till the 
seventeenth!"
Michael turned so he was staring into her eyes and raised an eyebrow. 
"The seventeenth is tomorrow."
"No! I've been here four days! That is not a week!" she screeched in 
panic. 
He sighed in irritation.
"It's been a week at least! I visited you every day, whether you were 
conscious or not." he told her. "I guess you just lost track of time. I can 
imagine that is easy to do down here."
"So tomorrow I'm -"
"Dead. Yup." Michael confirmed. "I thought we could have a little treat 
before then. Do you want to hear chapter one?"
"NO!" Louise screamed. 
       Startled by the sudden volume, Michael rolled away from her. 
       "Fine. Be like that. I bet you'll be begging to hear it tomorrow. See 
you at lunch."

***

Damien sighed. It had been a week since Louise had gone missing. Her 
birthday was today and her father was coming home in time for it. He did 
not envy Louise's grandmother one bit. He pitied the woman and he 
wished her the best of luck.
        Fred had managed to get in touch with the Airportal committee. 
It was the only useful thing the detective had done so far in the teenager's 
opinion. Although Damien had grown a little closer to the policeman 
throughout the duration of search, understanding that he was only trying 
to help, he also understood that what help he had supplied wasn't terribly 
effective. The most useful action the man had carried out was forcing the 
committee to reroute the portal to the police station on recognising 
Simon's DNA so that Etta could get the explanation done and over with. 
Then they could promptly continue the search for Louise. 
       Damien currently sat at the chair he'd become accustomed to 
stealing in the police station. It was a bit of a squish. The place was packed 
with volunteer search parties and they had left their stuff in the station. It 
was amazing how much space the bags took up. Most of the groups had 
already set off through the portal prior to the main briefing but a few 
people had stayed behind to provide a little moral support. Damien had 
discovered earlier that they were Etta's co-workers. A little confusingly, 
the two men shared the same name. The most obvious differences 
between the pair were their age and attitude. In fact, they were nothing 
alike.
       Imogen sat beside Damien, pushed up against his arm. Normally 
he would've complained at the sibling's proximity but these days it was a 
comfort to be close to family. It was unnerving how easily Louise had 
been kidnapped and Damien knew that the killer could have easily taken 
Imogen instead. Part of him still grieved for Bob and his sister's innate 
ability to share seats, no matter how small, was welcoming for once. 
       Damien wrapped his arm around her and they waited. Simon 
would be arriving soon. Etta simply stood outside the portal, a weary look 
on her face and Jeremy by her side. It would be any minute now. 
       Suddenly a wheel emerged from the portal, followed by the rest 
of Simon. His outfit didn't look ruffled in the slightest which made his 
facial expression a shocking contrast. He stared at his parents with wide 
eyes.
       "What am I doing here?" he asked.
       Fred dialled the committee's number into his phone and walked 
out of the main room. 
       "Thank you. He's arrived." he said quietly, leaving the family to 
discuss the issue at hand.
       "Dad?" Simon said. "What's going on?"
       Jeremy gave his son a sad smile. The only advantage of the 
wheelchair that Simon was confined to was that he didn't need to be told 
to sit down. Etta stepped forwards.
       "Louise was kidnapped." she stated. Simon's jaw dropped. Etta 
took the opportunity to quickly continue. "The police don't know who 
could've done it but we reckon it was the same person who murdered the 
child at the nursery."
"Probably the same person who murdered Bob, judging by the similar 
methods of mutilation." added Benjamin.
       Finally Simon spoke.
"WHAT?"
Etta sighed.
"Don't you remember our phone call?"
"WHAT DOES THE DEATH OF THAT CHILD HAVE TO DO WITH MY 
DAUGHTER?" he shouted.
       Etta's eyes narrowed and she automatically drew herself up to full 
height which, admittedly, wasn't particularly tall. It was the expression 
that was threatening.
       "SIMON MARLEY INWOOD YOU LISTEN TO ME AND YOU LISTEN 
WELL, SEEING AS YOU SEEM TO IGNORE ANYTHING ELSE THROWN YOUR 
WAY!" Etta yelled, her face reddening considerably. 
       Damien flinched and pulled his sister a little closer to him. He had 
never seen the old woman shout before, not even with the stress of losing 
her granddaughter. 
       "LOUISE COULD BE LYING IN A DITCH RIGHT NOW WITH SOME 
PSYCHOTIC SERIAL KILLER LOOMING OVER HER, OR WORSE SHE COULD BE 
DEAD AND I AM SICK AND TIRED OF SCRAPING YOUR PARENTING SKILLS 
OFF OF THE FLOOR! WE ARE HAVING ANOTHER SEARCH PARTY FOR HER 
TONIGHT AND YOU WILL BE THERE OR SO HELP ME YOU CAN GO AND 
SOB OVER YOUR WIFE'S GRAVE IF YOU REALLY MUST! SHE WON'T BE 
LISTENING!" Etta paused to catch her breath. "I'll only say this once but I 
told you so, dear. Elizabeth would be disappointed if you are too busy 
moping to try and make up for this."
There was a long, awkward silence.
       "Erm - Damien?" said Imogen.
"Yeah?" he replied, glancing down at his sister. "Oh sorry." he said, 
realising his tight hold was probably going to leave a bruise.
He abruptly released Imogen from his grip. The pair stood, awaiting 
Simon's response.
       "What are we waiting for?" he said in the most lacklustre tone 
possible.
       Damien wanted to reply and tell the man that it was him they 
were waiting for but he knew that such an action would just be spiteful. 
Instead he settled for different words.
       "Let's go." 
       He took his sister's hand and approached the portal, entering the 
correct coordinates for the crime scene. It was one of the many 
advantages of being at the police station; they were like a Unison 
emergency team. There was virtually no boundary as to where they could 
go, so long as the location was related to an ongoing case. 
       Damien glanced back at the group behind him. Imogen looked as 
determined as ever, Fred had re-joined them and everyone else simply 
looked reluctantly ready, Simon more than anyone. They were going to 
find her. They had to.   
       Damien was the first to enter the portal, pulling his sister behind 
him. 
"I love it in here." she remarked.
"Huh?" Damien said as they stepped out the other side.
       They moved to the left to allow room for the others to follow.
       "The portal transmission stage is beautiful." Imogen continued. 
"It's where I get my inspiration from, it's never the same."
"Great." Damien rolled his eyes. She was talking about art again. He 
tended to tune out whenever that happened. "Can we focus on finding 
Louise?"
"Okay."
       The others soon joined them, Simon appearing last. Fred strode to 
the front of the group. He was wearing that bizarre "tail shield" as he liked 
to call it. It was like a long sock that somehow muted the vibrant colours 
of his neon tail, preventing its glow from standing out during cases. The 
man had told Damien how he often used it on stake outs when the 
teenager had pointed out the woolly addition to the team. Fred had 
retaliated by pointing out Damien's own custom made Unison outfit. 
	"Same rules as usual. Split into groups, no less than three and pick 
a direction. You know my number if you find anything." the detective 
reminded them. "Good luck."
       Etta, Jeremy, Simon and Ben split into a separate group whilst 
Imogen, Damien, Fred and Benjamin remained. Damien and Imogen's 
parents were spearheading search parties on the other side of town and 
had been doing so for the past week with no luck as of yet. Damien tried 
not to think about how long Louise had been missing for. He occasionally 
caught his sister thinking about it and the expression on her face was 
never a pleasant one. Louise was her best friend. That was the only 
reason he knew who she was; the two were constantly together.
       Each group picked a direction and started walking. Damien was 
glad that he wasn't with Etta and Simon. He didn't want to be in the 
middle of the explosive follow up argument that was simply waiting to 
happen.
	Fred led the way as usual. Benjamin trailed behind eagerly but 
nervously. This was his first time helping out with the search. It was 
obvious to the others that he wanted to be there but he wasn't quite sure 
what he was doing.
       "So -" Damien began, hoping to break the awkward silence 
between them. "Ben."
"Benjamin." the man corrected.
"Right, sorry. What do you do?"
"I'm an independent weapons developer." Benjamin replied 
enthusiastically.
       Damien pondered the meaning of independent in his head. Didn't 
this man work at Unison?
       "Oh." Damien said, settling for the more neutral reply. "Okay."
"I've got a new range coming out soon, I was hoping to get some more 
tips from Etta on how to do a few things but she seems to be a bit 
preoccupied at the moment." Benjamin said wistfully.
       Damien stared at the man. He needed to get his priorities straight.
       "No kidding." he muttered. "You know what we're looking for 
right?"
"Yeah. The terrorist. They've been interviewing people at work, keeping 
an eye out for suspicious people who might have had access to the 
weapon archives."
"Unison has weapon archives?" Damien said in surprise. 
Benjamin nodded.
"Yes but only a few people have the qualifications to actually get at 
them."
"They all have alibis for the bombing." Fred added.
       Damien was surprised anyone could access the company weapons 
without a serious CRB check. It seemed far too hazardous to comprehend 
otherwise. It was no wonder someone had got hold of such an unstable 
model, according to Etta, if nobody at the company had thought to bin 
them. It sounded almost like the bombing had been an accident waiting to 
happen. Except it hadn't been an accident.
       "Louise is more important than the terrorist right now." he 
reminded Benjamin. "We don't know what state she's in."
The man nodded in understanding. The group kept walking.
	"How did you start developing weapons?" Damien asked.
Benjamin shrugged.
"I got interested in engineering at school and did well enough in my 
exams to move on. I was presenting my electronics coursework in my pair 
at a school open day and it won me a scholarship."
"What about the other half of your pair?" Damien questioned.
"Gary?" Benjamin snorted at the thought. "He wasn't really interested. He 
was just lending me a hand seeing as I couldn't find anyone else who 
actually understood my vision."
Damien frowned.
"How do you know that?"
"Because it was Gary!" Benjamin exclaimed, as if such a simple statement 
could constitute an effective answer.
       Damien decided that talking to this stranger was not going to be 
terribly productive and focused on walking for a change. He could see 
Imogen smirking at him out of the corner of his eye and tried to ignore 
her. 
	Damien realised that they were getting close to their house, 
passing all the usual routes and paths that they had traced during many a 
search. Eventually he turned to face Fred. He didn't have to say anything; 
the policeman simply nodded, having already had enough experience with 
the teenager to understand his non-verbal communication. Striding 
forwards, Damien picked an alleyway and led the group down it. The path 
was bordered by large hedges that loomed in the darkness. There weren't 
many stars out this evening and a torch was necessary to explore the 
darker offshoots of path. 
	"How did the terrorist even manage to kidnap her in the first 
place?" asked Benjamin curiously. "She was in your back garden, surely 
that was safe?"
       Damien's eyes narrowed. Was the man accusing him? But before 
he could whip round to tower over the weapons developer, he realised 
that Imogen had beaten him to it.
       "She was in the garden on her own! The rest of us were pretty 
distracted." she snapped.
       Benjamin, who seemed oblivious to the height difference 
between him and Damien alongside the air of menace the siblings now 
held, replied nonetheless.
       "Wasn't there a window looking out onto the garden or 
something? It just doesn't seem very safe or practical to -"
"WE WERE DISTRACTED!" Imogen yelled.
       It looked like she desperately wanted to punch the man but 
valiantly held herself back. Suddenly, a thought occurred to Damien.
       "Wait. Benjamin's right."
Imogen turned on her heel to face him.
"What?" she said, the hint of venom in her voice reminding Damien to 
have a good excuse for siding with the weapons developer.
"If Louise was in the garden then where would the kidnapper be 
standing?"
"Just outside of the fence." Imogen answered.
"No, that's what we've been assuming. If he'd been doing that Louise 
would've spotted him right away." Damien replied.
"She was staring at the sky." Imogen pointed out.
"Yes but he could have been watching from the hedges if he has a real 
stalker tendency." Damien realised. "If he felt comfortable there god 
knows where he could've dragged her."
       Fred frowned at the teenager's deduction, still a little uncertain as 
to the boy's reasoning. Imogen simply let out an angry sigh.
       "Why are we still assuming it's a he? It could be anyone who 
works at Unison!"
"Anyone who's on a low enough floor to have access to the weapon 
archives." Fred reminded. "Etta's the only female employee down there."
"Fine." Imogen grumbled.
"Look, just let me try something." Damien said to the group.
       He turned and dived into the hedges on either side of the path.
       "You're kidding me." Imogen said in an unimpressed tone.
"Someone go crawl through the hedges on the other side." Damien 
instructed from within the fading greenery.
"No! I'm not getting covered in leaves for nothing!" she exclaimed.
"Fine. It'll just take me twice as long then." Damien muttered in response.
"I'll do it." said Benjamin, for once volunteering to be useful. He walked 
over to the opposite hedge and carefully assimilated himself into the 
collection of leaves and branches. "What are we looking for?" he called.
"Anything that seems out of place." Damien replied.
       Fred and Imogen exchanged irritated glances and continued to 
walk. 
       "Slow down!" said Benjamin almost instantly.
       Fred and Imogen restarted their walk at a pace a couple of 
milliseconds slower than the previous one. They heard a sound of 
fumbled rustling from the hedge on their right and a steady pressing into 
the leafy ground on their left. Damien realised guiltily that the action of 
the searching the hedges would have been far easier in the middle of 
winter as opposed to the start but he also knew that they didn't have time 
to wait for the hedges to become bare from leaf loss. Louise's life was on 
the line and they were not going to let her become another victim. Not 
like the others. 
	Crawling through the hedge was difficult to say the least. For 
once, Damien was thankful for his helmet. Its paintwork was getting 
rather scratched but he was simply glad that it wasn't the skin on his face. 
So long as his skin wasn't open to the air he had little reason to worry. For 
the time being he just felt uncomfortable.
	He glanced through a leafy gap to his right to look at Fred and 
Imogen. He couldn't see Benjamin but he could guess where the man was, 
judging by the movement of the hedge. Not for the first time, Damien 
wished that the smallest person of the group, his sister, had volunteered 
to do the hedge scouting. He had a feeling that the action would be easier 
if it wasn't performed by a fully grown man and a near adult teenager. 
       However, just when he was starting to give up and recognise the 
pointlessness of his determined crawling, the action became far easier. 
Damien frowned. It was almost as if somebody had already come through 
the hedge in such a fashion. His eyes widened and he instantly sped up 
through the pre-made tunnel of fading greenery. He raced ahead of the 
others, much to their surprise.
       "Damien?" called his sister. "What is it?"
"I was right!" he shouted back. "Someone's been here before. They 
must've come in here to hide when I ran out of the garden." he guessed.
       He glanced to the left and peered past the brambles. Sure 
enough, there was a rather good view of the street that sat outside of his 
home. He continued crawling and found that he soon had a clear view of 
the back garden on the other side of the hedge. It was unnerving to think 
that someone else could look in on his home with such ease. A sudden, 
sharp pain underneath his knee cut his thoughts short. He cried out.
       "Damien?" Imogen called. "Are you okay?"
"I'm fine." he replied, glancing down to inspect the potential damage to 
the fabric. His Unison trouser leg was ripped, including some of the skin 
underneath. He winced and reached his hand into his pocket for the 
solution. His hand clenched on thin air. Damien groaned. "Don't let 
Benjamin or Fred near me."
       He knew his sister would understand. The last thing he needed 
was whatever metal implements the men had flying into his blood.
	Sure enough, Imogen headed towards the sound of her brother's 
voice. Damien pushed his way out of the bush with some difficulty. She 
sat down beside him.
       "Haven't you got any roll?" she asked. He shook his head. Imogen 
shook her own in response but reached her hand down into her own 
pocket. She pulled out a roll of her own. Damien looked up at her in 
surprise. "You've been so stressed lately I thought you might forget." she 
said by way of explanation.
       Damien smiled, ripped off a piece and tied it around the exposed 
flesh. Since his knee was not made of metal the cling film-like material 
didn't vacuum form to its shape but it was a similar thickness to the rest 
of his Unison outfit. They both knew that it would have to do for the time 
being.
       "What did you even cut it on?" she asked.
Damien frowned. That was a good question.
        He reached back into the hedge and gingerly felt about the 
ground. Suddenly his fingers touched what felt like jagged plastic. He 
searched for a less pointy end and pulled it out of the hedge. Imogen 
raised a curious eyebrow.
       "What is that?" she wondered, beckoning the others towards 
them.
       Damien shrugged, waving at Benjamin to extract himself from the 
hedge so he could join the group.
       "Beats me."
       Fred's eyes widened as he set them on the distant object. He ran 
forwards. 
       "Put that on the ground!" he commanded.
"Okay." Damien replied, giving the man a strange look.
       He placed the item down with his gloved hand. Benjamin 
emerged from his section of hedge, stood up and strolled over to the 
group.
       "Oh you've found the corner!" he exclaimed. "Etta will be so 
pleased."
       Fred allowed himself a small, hopeful smile and crouched beside 
it. He reached into his pocket to produce a strange gadget that Damien 
had only had the benefit of observing in the boring police procedurals his 
sister liked to watch in her spare time. He had never particularly 
understood those programmes but now he simply didn't care. He stared, 
transfixed by the object, hoping that it did what he remembered it doing. 
It was Unison technology after all, so it probably did function correctly; 
most technology was from or related to Unison in some way or another 
on the Set whether it was from the local branch or not. Damien was very 
glad that he was wearing gloves.
       Fred simply stroked the surface of the light green LED, turning it 
on, as if for good luck and waved the rod of the remote over the corner, 
touching the soft tip of it to the corner's surface to make an impression. 
He withdrew the remote and waited patiently for the answer to come up 
on the screen. Everybody held their breath. For a moment all was silent. 
Fred examined the display and everyone twisted their bodies to peer over 
his shoulder. Benjamin crouched down, Imogen swivelled around and 
Damien shuffled towards the gadget. 
       All it currently showed was the culprit's fingerprint, which had 
been transferred from the remote end to the screen through the rod's 
gentle impression. The black markings were passed over by a flickering 
line that seemed to glow with power. Damien knew that Unison 
technology was rarely even allowed to break but crossed his fingers 
nonetheless. This was important. This could be the difference between 
life and death for Louise. It was all simply a matter of time. They waited.

PING!

The noise rang out loudly. It was almost identical to that of a microwave 
and Damien almost smiled. It was such an anti-climactic noise considering 
the suspense of the moment. Finally, a name and image appeared 
onscreen. 

Gary Downing

His details appeared alongside the name. They included the culprit's 
home, work coordinates, phone number, age and criminal record. So far it 
was blank but they all knew that such a luxury wasn't going to last for 
long. The details were all typical of the monthly scans their local portal 
was designed to take. Imogen winced at the teenager's Scar, his lips 
looked terrible but her resolve was not softened. That did not give him an 
excuse to get away with murder or kidnapping. However, she did frown at 
the age displayed. He looked so young, barely a few years older than her, 
although his eyes suggested he was of a far older mental age. Part of her 
tried to remember when she'd last had her own scan taken but the details 
escaped her. 
       Fred smiled triumphantly and plucked his phone from his pocket, 
promptly dialling a number.  
       "Hello?" he said. "Yeah it's me. We know who it is. You can start 
phoning the others. Tell them to stop looking, I used the printer." 
       Damien's mouth formed a silent "o" of surprise. Of course, that 
was its name! Printer - short for thumb print.
        Fred nodded in response to words only he could hear.
"You were right; it is someone who works there. We're going to go to his 
house right now. I'm just about to call for back up - do you three want to 
come?" 
He paused, knowing the question was an unprofessional, impractical one. 
However he also knew that once everyone close to the girl knew the news 
he wouldn't be able to stop them making their way to the crime scene, 
especially with Etta's technological skills at hand. 
       In retrospect, Fred realised that he should've had the portals put 
on city wide lock down but he hadn't thought that far ahead. Besides, an 
investigation on that kind of scale would've required months of 
paperwork in order to get the correct permissions and warrants. 
       "Okay, have you got a gu - oh, really? I didn't know your arm did - 
alright! Okay, the coordinates are: 330 456. Just wait in the portal for me, 
okay? It could be dangerous. See you there."
He hung up and began to dial a new number. 
       Imogen stood, lending a hand to help her brother up. She was 
grinning widely. It was a look that Damien returned as the group turned 
and started to stride back towards the town centre's portal which they 
had initially arrived through.
       "Hello, I think we've got him. His name's Gary Downing. I'm going 
to need back up at 330 456, meet me there." said Fred, nodding again. 
"Yes of course I've got it! Shut up Larry you'd better have yours, we don't 
exactly know what we're getting into. I'm not stupid. I'll see you there."
        His hand reached around the edge of his belt to gentle caress the 
smooth black metal that lay there. The gun was simple in design and he 
often got teased for its age but he knew that it was very effective simply 
because of it. The device shot straight and had no targeting software 
implanted into its system. The weapon was often met by a lot of eye 
rolling from his colleagues as they asked him how he could use it and still 
let the tranquilizers hit the culprit he was aiming for. They would often 
sneer and display their superior technological options but Fred would 
simply respond with a grim smile. Unlike them, he would never have the 
technical faults that their weapons were subject to. Fred's aim was 
perfect. He never missed and today wasn't going to be the exception. 
       He preferred the simple guns. He had trained with them in the 
first place after all, before the new designs became popular. This was the 
traditional gun. This was the model that everyone should be using as far 
as he was concerned. The action of pointing it in the right direction 
actually required skill instead of automated technology, for a change. 
When the time came, he didn't want to miss Gary's heart. 
       The group's collective stride began to turn into a sprint. Benjamin 
was nearly left behind as the others sped ahead and it was only 
reluctantly that Fred waited for him to catch up as they arrived at the 
portal. Damien had already inputted the coordinates. This could be it.
       "Are you sure you want to come?" Fred asked.
"If it's important to Etta, then it is to me too." Benjamin replied defiantly.
       Fred raised an eyebrow. The man seemed to idolise the woman 
but he still wasn't entirely sure why.  Jeremy was important to Etta as well 
and yet Benjamin did not seem to hold him in any significant regard. 
       "Alright. Just stay behind me, okay?" Fred raised his voice. "That 
goes for all of you." Damien opened his mouth, ready to protest but the 
policeman promptly cut him off. "I'm the one with the gun, let me do my 
job and make sure that it's safe for you all before you go running in there. 
We don't know what it will be like and we definitely don't know what he 
will be like. We're going in blind."
"What if he's not there?" asked Imogen.
"Then we go to his work place." Fred replied, raising the remote to display 
the coordinates. "I'll go in first. Don't follow unless I tell you to."
       And with that instruction, the group strode through the shining 
portal entrance. They waited together in the mingling colours as Fred 
stepped into the world on the opposite side. Imogen wished that she was 
wearing her watch. She knew it was probably way past the time for the 
portals to be switched off but she also knew that on occasions such as 
this, Fred had the authority to make sure that they weren't. Nonetheless, 
it made her nervous. She had once been in a portal at switch off time 
after a sleepover. She'd been in a dazed stupor and still hated the 
memory of how she'd been flung out of the swirling colours and back out 
onto the cold street. It was a street at random and it had taken almost an 
hour, three phone calls (then her phone charge ran out) and a ride from a 
passing policeman to get her home.
	The moment dragged out for what felt like a painstaking hour but 
was probably less than a minute. Damien glanced down at his sister.
       "You know if you keep squeezing like that my glove's going to 
rip." he told her.
Imogen released him from her clamp-like grip.
"Sorry." she said as Damien attempted to massage the feeling back into 
his limb.
       Imogen glanced guiltily at the offending glove but was promptly 
distracted by a new hand. It was Fred's. He beckoned to them through the 
portal exit. The group exchanged nervous glances. Imogen was the first to 
step forwards and pass through the portal. Slowly but surely the others 
followed. 
       They emerged into the flat, automatically stepping to one side of 
the portal to allow space for the others they knew would soon enter. The 
temperature seemed to drop.
	Imogen's eyes darted about the room erratically as she took in 
the grey apartment. There was glass scattered across the floor, splicing 
her worried expression into fragments. Two barely touched, stone cold 
curries sat on the cracked table top waiting to be eaten and there was a 
foul smell coming from the next room. She wrinkled her nose in disgust.
       "What is that?" she asked.
Fred glanced at her.
"You don't want to know. This place is pretty run down. Gary doesn't 
seem to keep ordinary pets, just maggots."
The group grimaced in response.
"But that smell -" Imogen said. "- it can't just be maggots - can it?"
"You haven't seen the fridge." Fred grimly reminded her. "I've already 
called the forensics team. Something happened here."
"What do you mean?" asked Benjamin. "Gary would never -"
"You know him?" said Damien.
       Suddenly all eyes were on the weapons developer.
"Of course." Benjamin replied. "We went to the same school." He smiled. 
"Gary had this stutter -"
"Why didn't you say anything before?" Fred interrupted angrily.
       How was he supposed to conduct an investigation with 
uncooperative participants?
	Benjamin simply shrugged.
"It didn't matter. He kept himself to himself, always has done. He 
wouldn't do anything like this."
"Your friend has a ten year old stuffed in his fridge!" Fred yelled. Benjamin 
flinched and the others drew back in shock. "Whatever you think he isn't 
capable of - I can tell you that he is!"
"Wait." said Damien.
Fred turned on him.
"What now!?" he screeched, his face turning redder by the minute.
"There were two curries on the table so he had company." said Damien. 
"Maybe Gary wasn't the person who did this."
       Fred turned back to face Benjamin.
"Tell me everything you know about Gary: his friends, his family and don't 
leave anything out!"
       As he spoke, Fred inputted new coordinates into the portal 
keypad. By the time he finished his sentence he was dragging Benjamin 
through. Damien and Imogen exchanged looks of surprise. They had seen 
the policeman fed up before but never angry. 
	They stepped towards the portal to join the pair but were forced 
backwards instead by the familiar sight of Etta, Jeremy, Simon and Ben. 
The siblings jumped.
"I see you beat us to it." Jeremy commented.
       The group stepped to one side of the portal as the forensics team 
started to file through.
       "What took you so long?" asked Damien.
"Technical difficulties." Ben replied.
       There was a moment of awkward silence as Damien and Imogen 
waited for the portal to empty. The forensics team were currently hauling 
through their equipment. It did not possess the luxurious light weight of 
Fred's Printer.
	"What kind of technical difficulties?" Imogen asked, in an attempt 
to make polite conversation whilst her brother lent the strangers a hand 
in dragging their equipment through.
"Weak portal connection." Simon said.
	For a moment the group seemed to forget why they were there as 
they watched the large machine enter the room. Etta smiled 
appreciatively at its bulk and Imogen turned her eyes to the floor so her 
panting brother would have more difficulty roping her into helping out. 
Finally Simon spoke.
	"Whose flat is this?"
"The apartment belongs to Gary Downing." Damien gasped, dragging the 
machine to a rest.
       The forensic scientist nodded at him in thanks whilst Etta and 
Jeremy's eyes widened at the familiar name. 
       "Don't worry." Imogen said, taking note of their shocked 
expressions. "He's not here and it might not be him anyways."
Before the group could respond Damien grabbed his sister's arm.
       "Come on, they're probably waiting for us."
	He pulled her past the swirling colours, yanking her into what he 
assumed was Gary's workplace. It did not look particularly menacing for 
the site of a potential serial killer. The office walls were covered in pieces 
of fabric and the half-finished designs of the day were pinned to them. 
The place was alarmingly colourful but otherwise that was its only 
alarming aspect.
	Fred and Benjamin were nowhere to be seen but they were easy 
enough to overhear. The siblings followed the sound of their voices.
       "Why do you keep asking me that!?" Benjamin exclaimed. "He 
lost virtually all of his friends after his mum left."
"You said he didn't have any parents!" Fred said in an exasperated tone.
It sounded like he had given up shouting. His voice was hoarse.
"Everyone has parents." Benjamin pointed out in a matter of fact tone. 
"His just didn't stick around, I think."
	Damien and Imogen turned the corner of the desk to face the 
pair. Fred glanced at them and flung his hands in the air.
       "Finally!" he exclaimed.
"Is there anything useful here?" said a different voice.
Damien and Imogen turned to find Etta behind them.
"I don't know!" Fred cried, pressing his long, curled tail to his forehead in 
despair. "He won't tell me anything useful! Where are the others?"
"They stayed behind with the forensics team dear." Etta replied. She 
turned to appraise Benjamin. "You know Gary don't you? Jeremy 
mentioned that Gary had certainly heard of you."
Benjamin looked a little sheepish at the sudden attention she was paying 
him.
"Well we did work together - a bit -"
"Surely he was daunted by your professionalism?" said Etta. She ignored 
the incredulous stares that the others aimed at her. Fortunately, Benjamin 
appeared to be oblivious as usual. His eyes were focused on Etta. 
"Working with someone like you dear, must have been a treat."
"Well, he was a little shell shocked at first." Benjamin admitted. "But he 
did open up to me eventually."
"What did he say?" Etta asked, casting a side glance at the others.
They were all waiting expectantly for a clue. Something, anything that 
could help them find Louise.
       "Well, he talked about his brother a lot." Benjamin replied.
"His brother. Okay." Fred muttered quietly, flipping out his notepad and 
pen.
       "I never met him but apparently Michael was keen on the 
workings of the lower floors."
"Michael - that name sounds familiar." said Etta. "Perhaps we should visit 
the basement?" she suggested. The group nodded in agreement and Etta 
began to lead the way. "Is the area still cordoned off?" she asked as they 
opened the door and strode down the corridor.
"Yes." Fred replied.
She smiled.
"Not for much longer, dear."
       Etta toted her arm and marched towards the stairs.
"How many employees have you interviewed?" she asked.
"Everyone on the bottom and ground floor."
"So you talked to the receptionist?"
Fred frowned.
"Yes. What does she have to do with anything?" he asked.
Etta smiled.
"I hope you paid close attention to what she told you. Reception is this 
company's eyes and ears minus the CCTV cameras. She sees everyone and 
everything come and go, dear. She will have noticed something." the old 
woman explained.
       Fred's forehead scrunched up in deep concentration as he 
attempted to remember the interview. He knew it couldn't have been 
that long ago but he was nothing if efficient and the speed at which he 
conducted interviews often blurred the details of his memory. 
Automatically, he held up his notepad and started to flip through the 
entries.
       "What's her name?" he asked.
"Vicky." Damien replied. The others looked at him in surprise apart from 
Imogen. "What? She's nice. I saw her for a while after I first got my Scar."
	It did not take Fred long to find the receptionist's entry but he 
found that he had written very little of use on the page. In fact, the only 
detail he had taken down was her full name: Victoria Williams, so he 
would be able to look her up on the records later if necessary. He scoured 
his memory for why he had written so little and finally remembered.
	"She didn't say anything useful!" Fred groaned. "She just went on 
and on about this guy she very obviously liked the look of and how he 
never went out for lunch. Apparently yesterday she saw him with a 
stargazing book and was very impressed by his ability to appreciate 'the 
little things in life'." Imogen gasped. "What?" Fred snapped.
"It could just be a coincidence but was it Stories of the Stars?"
"I don't know. She wasn't that specific." Fred grumbled. "Why does it 
matter?"
Etta gasped in realisation.
"Louise loves stargazing." she and Imogen chorused.
Damien glanced at the pair and repeated his sister's earlier sentence.
"It could just be a coincidence."
"Coincidence is all we've got." said Fred.
        He grabbed his phone and a small card from his pocket.
"What are you doing?" asked Benjamin.
"Calling Vicky."
"You got her number?" Damien said in disbelief.
Fred rolled his eyes.
"Her business card was the first thing she gave to me. Vicky is a wannabe 
entrepreneur." he muttered.
"You make that sound like it's a bad thing." Etta sighed.
	As Fred dialled the receptionist's number the group came onto 
the second flight of stairs. Even Etta was starting to genuinely wish that 
they had taken the lift but she was not willing to risk it. Who knew what 
might meet them? The killers she had heard of killed for convenience: to 
settle a score, for revenge and to show who was really in charge. 
Someone like that would surely take the lift. Besides, the stairs were good 
exercise for her even if she disliked the action of descent. However, what 
Etta found she truly feared was what a killer could stash in a lift. They 
knew for certain that this one was not afraid to use bombs so unstable 
that the culprit himself could be killed. That meant that the man was not 
in his right mind, which meant that he was the worst kind of 
unpredictable murderer. He could and would do anything if he felt like it. 
       Etta almost stumbled but Damien caught hold of her arm. 
"Thanks." she muttered.
"No problem."
       By her reasoning, it meant that the killer could use the stairs if he 
felt like it. If he was still here.
	Etta reluctantly kept moving. They didn't have much further to go 
until they passed the weapons archive. Etta desperately wanted to re-
examine the area. Privately. She knew that her current companions were 
reasonably trustworthy but already one person had got his hands on the 
code to open the portal and they couldn't afford another mistake. 
Besides, she needed to be alone to think and most definitely did not trust 
Benjamin anywhere near the vicinity.
	As the group passed the empty copper frame, Etta doubled over 
panting. The action was only partly an act by this point.
       "Are you okay?" Imogen asked.
"I just need a bit of time to catch my breath dear. You lot keep moving; I'll 
be down in a few minutes."
"If you're sure." Damien replied uncertainly, a look of concern on his face.
       Fred simply looked impatient. He led the group promptly out of 
Etta's field of sight. She waited a little longer as her field of sight wasn't 
what it used to be, before straightening. She turned to face the empty 
portal whose frame merged with the wall. 
       It always caught her off guard: the way its centre was so dull and 
vacant. She was used to seeing life dance through such gateways but this 
one appeared temporarily blank and devoid of such beauty. The only 
difference in viewing it today was that this time there was a piece of 
police tape stretched across the framework, passing from one side to the 
other. She smirked. An officer wasn't allowed in without an employee's 
supervision. Nobody was, especially without signing a waiver or contract 
of some form. Those were the rules.
       Etta stepped forwards and brushed aside some of the less secure 
tape. It was flimsy but the portal keypad was not. She typed the code in 
with a brief flick of her well trained fingers and the colour returned to the 
empty frame. Etta promptly walked through as the minute countdown 
began. She stepped into the store room and sighed happily. It'd been a 
long time since she'd last had reason to visit this wonderful, terrible place.
       Behind her there was a loud beep, not dissimilar to that of a 
microwave, as the countdown reached zero. The portal emptied itself of 
life once more in a fluid sucking motion. Etta ignored it and slowly started 
to walk.
       There had been many new additions to the place: most obviously 
the filling of the room's top shelf, which was most impressive considering 
the size of it. Part of Etta wondered if that was due to Benjamin's arrival. 
He did make products at a rapid speed. 
       She allowed her eyes to wander from rusty weapon to weapon, a 
little puzzled by the large dents in some areas. They were clearly caused 
by the actions of other weapons going off. She assumed some unlucky 
idiot had left the line briefly but had returned in the same millisecond and 
the bullet had lost its target. She was sure never to stray from the 
designated blue light path. 
       It was difficult to miss in the dimly lit room but intrigue often led 
strangers astray. Etta was no stranger. She knew the paths off by heart. 
After all, it had taken many years for the company to trust her with legal 
access to the archives. She'd heard talk from the other engineers that the 
best test to prove your worthiness of access was to walk through the 
room with your eyes trained only on the guiding lights by your feet. Etta 
had quickly been able to disprove that theory. For starters, you had to be 
allowed access in the first place to complete such a test. When she had 
pointed this out the men had simply insisted that somewhere within the 
building there was a training room built for such purposes. Etta had never 
found it. Instead she had found that the process of access was far more to 
do with how long, how hard and how well you worked; although her 
handling of portals also contributed towards her eventual access.
       Etta listed the names of the models under her breath; wonder 
subsiding as she searched the sea of labels for the model she was after: 
the bomb that no one should have touched. Finally, Etta came to the 
place where she knew it was supposed to be. The space was empty. That 
in itself was unsurprising given the events of the past few days. What truly 
shocked her was the fact that now the entire shelf was empty; clean of 
both weapons and dust (both elements being the sign of a promising 
weapons archive, plus extremely strong shelving material to withstand 
any potential accidents). 
       Etta's hand grasped at her pocket, searching the fabric for her 
phone. Fred had insisted that everyone on the search should be able to 
easily contact each other. She dialled his number and raised the phone to 
her ear
       "Alfred Jackson!" she hissed.
"Etta! Where are you?" he asked. "We've been waiting at the bottom of 
the stairs for ages!"
"I'm in the weapon archives." she stated and waited for her words to sink 
in.
It didn't take long.
       "WHAT ON THE SET ARE YOU DOING THERE!?" Fred yelled down 
the phone.
"How long has the shelf been empty?" she asked, ignoring his question.
"YOU KNOW THE DANAGEM BOMB IS MISSING -"
"No. It's not just that." Etta interrupted. "The entire shelf is empty."
"WHAT!?"
"Get up here and I'll show you. I'll let you in dear but only you. The others 
won't even notice the blue line." she sighed.
Fred seemed to ponder this for a moment and then spoke.
"I'm on my way."
       Etta hung up and placed her phone back into her pocket. 
Whoever the killer was, he had been here more than once: the question 
was how? Because of the investigations, access to the archives had 
become even more restricted. It would take a truly talented engineer to 
tamper with such a system and Etta was getting far too old for that kind of 
experimentation. There was no way anybody except Mr Fisher could 
access the room - unless - the killer's portal was somehow connected to 
it? Etta frowned. Surely that was impossible? But then again, if no one 
ever strayed from the path how could they know? Etta rethought the 
murderer's position. He was unpredictable, he wasn't afraid of death and 
he certainly wasn't afraid to get his hands dirty. A man like him couldn't 
care less about the dotted line of the cloaking field.
       Etta glanced at the contents of the shelves around her and reeled 
off the names of the models that surrounded her. It soothed her and 
simultaneously kept her aware of the danger.
       "AK 56, shoots the first heat signature it senses outside of 
cloaking; the catapult rifle, is attracted by haemoglobin and knows how to 
find it; Abby 2.0, has a nasty scissor kick -"
       The list seemed never ending. Etta trailed off as she gently placed 
one foot outside of the cloaking path. She touched it to the part of floor 
she predicted was the lowest risk spot and yet she was also aware that 
there were at least twelve chances of being hit by bullets from the G37D 
and several more chances of being skewered or burnt alive. The only 
advantage of the empty shelf was that it would provide shelter for her if 
she moved fast enough. Etta swallowed and moved her other foot out of 
the pathway. She was fully uncloaked. Then everything happened at once.
	A loud banging came from the wall, Etta whipped her head round 
and realised it was coming from the other side of the portal. It had to be 
Fred. Sure enough, her phone buzzed in her pocket. He was a very 
impatient man. However there was one advantage to the distracting 
nature of his noise, it allowed her to spot the missile from the second, 
larger model of the G37D hurtling towards her from the other side of the 
room. Etta sprinted behind the empty shelf, sat down at its centre and 
crossed her fingers. As she did so she heard another twelve clicks come 
from behind her. Those were probably the other chances of death she had 
initially predicted. She wondered if she would be as lucky as the killer to 
survive.
	Etta cast her mind back, trying to remember the training she had 
been given on first entering the room with a company member. Normally, 
if you wanted to move somewhere outside the restrictions of the line a lot 
of paperwork had to be filled out and then new light paths were inserted 
into the room very, very carefully to allow further mobility. However, 
most of what she had been told was to never make such actions 
necessary. Never leave the dotted line, always keep the blue lights in your 
sight and perpetually stay within the field of the cloaking path. There had 
been no information about what to do if you disobeyed the instructions, 
only numerous health and safety videos about accidents in the past, 
designed to scare you into rigid obedience. Generally, it had worked well 
but now Etta had no option but to pray that the shelving was made out of 
a strong enough material. She crossed her fingers as several explosions 
rocked the firm metal that she sat behind. Even if the material did hold in 
terms of structure, there was nothing to prevent her from being squashed 
beneath it if the shelf fell. 
       "ETTA YOU LET ME IN THIS SECOND! WHAT ON THE SET IS 
HAPPENING IN THERE!?"
       Etta found that she could no longer ignore Fred's frustrated 
yelling from the other side of the portal. She grabbed her buzzing phone 
and was about to answer his call, ready to pass on the message that she 
loved her family and that nobody should be blamed for the clumsy 
mistakes of an old woman. Then she saw it.
	A portal, almost alien in its small size, stood proudly. It's size 
made sense. Whoever had created it didn't want anything too large to 
shoot through the entrance. The portal was colourful but lacked the 
element of life that Etta so often looked to the technology for. It was 
etched into a distant wall and was most importantly: open. Etta supposed 
that there was no need for it to be closed when no member of personnel 
except her was stupid enough to leave the line. 
       She got to her feet and her muscles tensed. She was ready to run 
but stepped forwards to promptly find Abby 2.0 standing by her side. The 
robot was alarmingly still, casting an eerie shadow in the faint blue light of 
the cloaking path, whose glow still reached behind the shelf. For the 
moment Etta was lucky, Abby's head was looking in the wrong direction. 
She obviously couldn't sense her potential victim.
	Part of the reason Abby had been put out of commission was 
because of how life-like she appeared. It felt wrong to refer to the robot 
as an "it". She looked like a human killer. They'd had to destroy her sister, 
the original model, because of her lack of programming restraints. Abby 
1.0 had been the inhuman equivalent of the serial killer Fred was trying to 
pin down now. The robot's appearance had been based on that of the 
designer, in a way of thanks to the woman's genius. Needless to say, the 
gesture backfired spectacularly and she was dead a day before the 
product's launch on the company market. 
       Abby 1.0 had been too dangerous to put in the archives; there 
was nothing to stop her from simply walking into the cloaking field. After 
all, a robot had eyes. The only reason Abby 2.0 could be stored away was 
because her eyes had been removed. She'd never had the luxury of sight, 
simply extraordinary sensors. However, those sensors had been 
dramatically underestimated by the rest of the team and it wasn't long 
before the robot had gone on yet another indiscriminate rampage 
through the lower, locked down levels of the company. Etta remembered 
that day all too well, she was the only engineer who'd had a working 
weapon with them at the time. She gave her arm a gentle pat and then 
winced as she registered the potential repercussions of her actions. 
       Abby's head turned round. All the way round. She was facing Etta 
and even without her eyes the old woman could feel the robot seizing her 
up. Abby's right thigh twitched. Etta knew what that meant and started to 
run. The leg whipped into the air in a fluid, scissor-like movement, 
narrowly missing where Etta had stood only moments before. The old 
woman sprinted, not daring to look behind her. She could hear Abby 
walking, her clomping footsteps ringing out as they connected with the 
floor, like a collection of rusty tuning forks. She could hear several more 
clicks, the sound of more weapons locking onto her. These would 
undoubtedly have tracking settings; it was painfully apparent from the 
difference in the pitch of the clicks. 
       Etta glanced at her robotic limb knowing that there was no way 
she could fight off such hoards of machinery armed with only a few 
tranquilizers. She no longer cared where the unfamiliar portal would take 
her. She simply wanted to be out of the archives so she could type in the 
close code and prevent any further damage. 
       She dived at the portal and the colours consumed her. Etta barely 
registered them as she came out on the other side, dashing into a sudden 
darkness. Confused by the change in lighting, Etta fumbled around the 
portal frame. She groped for a keypad, eventually found it and typed in 
the emergency code. Every portal possessed one but very few people 
knew what the universal code to shut the portal in question down was. 
Not for the first time, Etta was thankful that she was a respected 
engineer. The portal closed and she slid onto the floor, gasping. 
Reluctantly, Etta reached for her phone. She supposed that she should 
probably set Fred's mind at ease.
       "Hello?"
"Mrs Inwood, what is going on?"
She was surprised to note that it was Damien who spoke.
"Change of plan." the old woman replied. "Oh and don't call me that dear, 
my name's Etta."
"Give it here!" said a muffled voice.
       There was the faint background noise of squabbling and finally 
Imogen's voice came through.
"Are you okay? We heard explosions!"
"I'm fine dear. It's just as well I didn't let you lot through. It's not safe in 
there anymore."
       Further squabbling echoed through the phone and this time Fred 
got his hands on the device.
       "What the hell just happened?"
"I left the dotted line."
He groaned.
"How are you still breathing?"
"There's a portal behind one of the shelves. Somebody's been coming and 
going through that room fast enough not to be noticed by too much of 
the equipment." Etta explained. "I ran for it. I was lucky. I can still give you 
the entry code if you want but I wouldn't recommend it."
"Where are you?"
"I don't know but it's dark. I need you to trace my phone signal."
"No need." he replied. "Can you see the portal coordinates?"
"It's dark." Etta repeated.
"Use the light of your phone then!" Fred exclaimed.
       She held up her phone screen to the top of the portal. Sure 
enough, the coordinates were engraved into its surface. 
       "You can't come through the portal." Etta reminded. "You could 
let the weaponry through."
"Only if I enter via the archives. Just tell me the numbers; I know some of 
the regional codes off by heart."
"810, 440, 456." Etta recited. Fred gasped. "What is it?"
"You're under Settling hill."
Now it was Etta's turn to screech.
"What!?"
       There was some fumbling of the phone and she guessed that both 
Imogen and Damien were pressing their ears to its side as Fred spoke. She 
could imagine that Benjamin was simply standing there, waiting to be 
given the important information. 
       "Look, we'll come to you. For the moment just stay there -" 
Fred's voice faded out.
"What?" Etta asked. "I can't hear you."
"- and keep quiet. There's a chance he might still be down there."
"Okay." she agreed.
"Be careful." Fred warned.
"My arm is locked and loaded Alfred. I'll be fine."
"See you in a few." His voice started to trail off as he aimed it at 
somebody else. "No Damien you aren't coming, the same goes for you 
Imo -"
He hung up.




















Chapter 8


Louise couldn't sleep. She didn't particularly want to try. She had spent 
the last several hours painstakingly counting the seconds of the passing 
minutes. She had nothing better to do and it passed the time, distracting 
her from the gnawing ache in her stomach. According to her calculations 
it was already lunchtime and Michael was late. He was never late. 
       It would be her birthday in a few hours' time and he was nowhere 
to be heard. For the first time since her kidnap Louise felt hopeful. Not by 
much but there was a distinct glimmer of it. Then she heard footsteps and 
the hope rapidly diminished, leaving her with a sick sense of dread. 
       "H-hello?"
       She frowned. That wasn't Michael's voice. It was higher pitched, 
squeakier and in general the person sounded afraid.
       "Who's there?" she rasped. 
Her voice was so croaky that she could barely speak.
"O-oh god." the stranger stuttered. "W-what has he done to you?"
"Who are you?" Louise asked faintly as the footsteps came closer, 
accompanied by torch light.
"I'm Gary and I am so sorry about my brother."
       Louise smiled in relief but winced as the light hit her face. The 
stranger dropped the torch and knelt beside her, going to untie the ropes 
that bound her to the chair. Louise had little strength left in her limbs and 
as he released her hands they simply flopped onto the ground. 
       "C-can you move?" he asked.
"I don't know." she replied quietly.
"Okay, I'm going to support your back and you're going to try and sit up in 
three - two -one!"
       With the help of an extra pair of hands, Louise managed to move 
out of the uncomfortable rigidness of the chair position that she had been 
strapped in for the past week. Gary grabbed a bottle of water from his 
trouser pocket and held it up to her lips. Louise wrapped her weak hands 
around it and gulped the entirety of its contents down. The blanket slid 
from her back. Suddenly it was a lot easier to clear her throat.
       "Thank you." she said, her voice a lot less croaky.
"No problem." Gary replied. 
"How did you find me?" she asked.
"It doesn't matter. Let's just get out of here. Do you think you can walk?"
Louise shrugged as Gary picked up the torch.
"I can try."
	He took her hand and she stood, partly lifted by him. Her legs felt 
wobbly to say the least and she nearly fell. 
       "I don't think this is going to work." Gary muttered as Louise 
swayed in front of him.
"Well w-what do you suggest?" she asked in a faint voice. Gary rolled his 
eyes and tucked his arms beneath her legs, lifting her up into his arms. 
"Oh." Louise said simply. "That's better."
"Do you want to take the torch?" he asked.
"Okay." Louise plucked the light from his hand and accidentally shone it 
directly into his eyes. Gary winced at the light and she seemed to shrink in 
his arms at the sight of his face. He looked so much like his brother. "I'm 
sorry!" she squealed.
"It's okay. You're safe." he said reassuringly.
"Don't say that until we're out of here." Louise muttered; her voice barely 
audible. She raised it as she realised something. "Do you actually know 
how to get out of here?"
       His silence told her everything she needed to know. Gary started 
to walk.
	"How is your mother?" Louise asked, unsure of how else to start 
talking about her chosen topic of conversation.
She knew it wasn't terribly tactful but she really didn't care about niceties 
anymore.
       "Michael told you his theory didn't he." Gary sighed.
It was a statement, not a question.
"Yeah." Louise replied.
       There was a brief silence before Gary responded.
"She's the same as she always is."
"Do you visit her?" 
He let out a bitter laugh.
"I see Bob more often than I see mum."
"Why?" Louise asked.
"Because he helps - helped out with the flat."
"I'm sorry for your loss."
"Yeah." Gary sighed. "It's just me, Michael and her now."
"You should visit her." Louise suggested.
"I do. That's the hard part."
"What's she like?" Louise asked, wishing she could see Gary's eyes 
properly so she could determine his expression.
"I never know which person I'm talking to. Sometimes she's almost lucid 
but talking to me like I'm eight years old and sometimes she's just - not."
Louise didn't ask what the woman was like when she wasn't in the prior 
state of mind. It did not sound like a pleasant experience to relive.
       "I know what Michael said but she wouldn't do that. These lips 
are my Scar." Gary explained, touching his stitches gently. "He just doesn't 
want to admit it."
"He said something similar about you." Louise replied.
"Of course he would." Gary muttered. "How much did he tell you about 
her?"
"He told me how your parents met and that she is in an institution." 
Gary snorted.
"That's barely anything. You know what the symptoms of schizophrenia 
are?"
"No."
"Neither did I until a few months ago." 
       Louise frowned. Months? She hadn't realised that everything had 
happened so recently.
        "They can be classified into two categories: positive or negative. 
Positive is when you change in behaviour or thoughts, so you might get 
hallucinations or delusions."
"What are the negative symptoms?" Louise asked, knowing her father 
would be interested in the psychological side of such a condition, even if 
she found it mildly disturbing to think about.
"Negative symptoms show a withdrawal or lack of function of things that 
you'd normally expect to see in a healthy person."
"How do you mean?" Louise asked.
Gary's arms tensed a little.
"She stopped caring. For a while she just seemed emotionless. She didn't 
do anything. It was me who sorted out breakfast and got us both to 
school. When she went to the institution there wasn't much of a 
difference except we had to get jobs to keep the place."
Louise wasn't sure what to say so she promptly changed topic.
       "Where do you work?" she asked.
"Unison. I'm an intern in the design department."
She smiled at the familiarity. The information correlated neatly with what 
Michael had told her although she preferred not to think about him. 
       "Does that mean you know my Grampa?"
"Uh - maybe?"
"Jeremy Inwood?"
"Oh yeah, he's my boss. I don't think he likes me much. I'm too clumsy."
"You haven't dropped me yet." Louise commented.
"Shame there's no wood in here to touch." Gary laughed.
       Louise laughed with him. It was an effortless action and she didn't 
want the moment to end. It was so soothing to be talking to somebody 
who was sane. 
	Suddenly a bright blue light flashed across the cave walls. It 
coverage was so wide that it lit up the area, spreading into all its crevasses 
and corners.
       "Louise!" exclaimed several familiar voices.
"Freeze." said another, louder one. "Stop right there."
       Louise blinked, trying to focus on the man behind the light. She 
recognised his voice. Gary froze. 
       As her eyes slowly adjusted, she started to recognise the uniform. 
She'd last seen it at the hospital.
"Fred?" she asked.
He didn't reply but Louise could tell that it was him.
       "Put the girl down." 
"Fred, he's helping me!" Louise protested.
"He kidnapped you!" the policeman exclaimed, striding towards the pair.
"No, his brother did that. Now can we please stop arguing and just go 
home? I'm hungry."
       This seemed to break an emotional dam between Louise and her 
would-be rescuers. Etta and Jeremy rushed forwards from behind the 
detective to embrace their granddaughter. Another pair of friends joined 
the group hug, at least one of them being rather tearful. Fred started to 
yell.
       "I TOLD YOU TWO THAT YOU COULDN'T COME! HOW DID YOU 
EVEN GET HERE?"
Damien smiled.
"We followed you."
Imogen grinned.
"Did you really think that you could stop us?"
       Gary stood there awkwardly as strange hands wrapped around 
him. When they finally moved away Jeremy slapped him on the back.
       "Well done. You haven't dropped her yet."
Gary's nervous smile turned into a beaming grin and Louise smirked. 
	"Fred, which way are we going? Simon's waiting." Etta asked, 
turning to face him.
       Louise's mouth gaped open at the thought of her father. She 
hadn't seen him for an entire week but it felt like so much longer. She 
bitterly hoped that the convention had been worth it. Today had been 
one hell of a birthday. She wondered what her Scar was. She must have 
one by now - perhaps it was a more dormant one which required a trigger 
for her to even notice it?
       "I know the way." Gary announced, striding forwards.
Louise frowned. He hadn't seemed so certain earlier.
"The portal's closed." Etta told him.
"There's another one. He uses it as a back door in case anything goes 
wrong in the weapons archive."
"Your brother is very organised for a serial killer." Jeremy remarked.
"Yeah." Gary agreed. "I don't think it's far from here."
       The group strode into the cave depths, following Gary's lead.
	"So, how far did you get with that glass design?" Jeremy asked 
Gary, in an attempt to make conversation.
       Louise glanced up at her rescuer with a smile, awaiting his answer 
but her smile abruptly disappeared and she let out a loud scream. His eyes 
had changed. They were the same colour and the same shape but the 
emotions present in them were no longer the same. He was the spitting 
image of his brother; the alien eyes no longer seemed human. She simply 
couldn't understand the sudden cruelty that had appeared within their 
depths. 
       Gary turned to face the group and withdrew a dagger from his 
pocket, narrowly managing to avoid dropping Louise in the process. The 
mark on her cheek suddenly felt painfully apparent.
       "What are you doing!?" exclaimed Fred in a panicked confusion 
that the entire search party seemed to share.
       Gary ignored him and looked down at Louise as he set her on the 
floor. He crouched beside her. She didn't have the strength to crawl away 
from him and they both knew it. Anyways, any chance of escape she had 
was next to zero when he was armed. He held the blade to her neck and 
grinned in anticipation.
       "I said I'd kill you on your birthday Rachael." he sneered, his voice 
suddenly deep. "Remember what I told you. Don't think about Gary. 
Remember the last time you felt this knife."
       Suddenly Louise understood. It made terrible sense. Mental 
illness ran in families. That was why Michael remembered things Gary 
didn't. They weren't brothers; they were the same person, which made 
people like Fred helpless to stop one without stopping the other.
       "PLEASE!" someone screamed.
Louise was shocked to realise that it was not herself who had cried out 
but her grandmother.
       "Wow! She's got quite a set of lungs on her." Gary/Michael 
commented. He glanced at the old woman menacingly. "That could be fun 
to mess with."
       He returned his gaze to the blade fondly. Louise could do nothing 
but stare. She tried not to focus on the metal but on her family and 
friends across the cave from her. They could do nothing to help her but 
Louise knew that she wasn't alone. That was something. 
       Gary/Michael's arm tensed and Louise intently watched her 
family. Her gaze drifted from Fred, his expression of regret painfully 
apparent as his gun wavered in his hands; to Etta and Jeremy who simply 
looked lost; to Imogen and Damien. Imogen's face was tear-streaked and 
the despair in it was clear but Louise couldn't determine Damien's 
expression. For a minute she felt angry. She was about to die. Didn't he 
care? Then she noticed his hand go to his glove. In one swift movement 
he pulled it away. The knife promptly tugged itself out of Gary/Michael's 
grip and hurtled through the air towards Damien's bare flesh. He stepped 
forwards so it would meet its target without obstruction and yelled in 
pain as the knife ripped into his hand. 
       "DAMIEN!" his sister screamed as he fell to his knees. 
       Gary/Michael groaned in irritation and turned to run but Louise 
caught hold of one of his legs. He fell against the cave floor with a loud 
thud and Fred, finally managing to tear his eyes away from Damien's 
hand, rushed forwards to handcuff the killer, gun pointing in his direction. 
Before he'd been unable to shoot for fear that the killer would act faster 
but now there was no weapon left to be afraid of other than his own.
       Etta took one look at Damien and strode towards the person 
responsible for the metal wedged deep in his hand. She towered above 
Gary/Michael as Fred withdrew from handcuffing him. 
       "Do you know what it feels like to lose a limb?" she asked, in a 
calm but dangerously quiet tone. The killer said nothing. "Good answer."
She toted her arm above him and fired.
       "Etta!" Fred exclaimed.
He'd forgotten that her arm could multi-task.
       "It's a tranquilizer dear. Relax." she told him as Gary/Michael's 
body grew limp. 
       Suddenly there was a sound of clicking, followed by a low 
rumbling. Jeremy came forwards to join his wife.
       "What's that?" he asked.
"Oh my god." Etta gasped. "The weapons! He emptied an archive shelf of 
its weapons!"
       All eyes were instantly drawn to Damien's dripping hand. He 
made eye contact with Imogen.
       "I'm dragging them here." he realised.
"It's not just that -" Etta continued. "you're turning them on."
"But they can't be that close!" Imogen exclaimed. "Your field has a radius 
of two metres!"
"We don't know what's around the corner." said Louise wearily. "Can we 
stop talking and put some of that Unison roll around your hand before we 
all explode?"
"What if that's not enough? The weapons have been triggered now." 
Imogen added nervously. 
"Damien, put something on that hand. Louise is right, it's our best shot. 
Let's get back to the portal." Etta instructed.
       Imogen hurried towards her friend and lifted her so she stood by 
her side, arms draped around each other's shoulders.
"We are not going to die here." she murmured.
       The group started to move.
"How can we possibly outrun bullets?" Louise whispered.
       "Imogen!" Damien called. "I need more roll."
Imogen's eyes widened and her hand delved into her pocket. She 
withdrew the material and held it out above the cave floor. 
"It's here!" she cried, a little too loudly. Damien rushed towards her but 
paused. A look of realisation dawned on his face. Imogen frowned. "What 
are you waiting for?" she asked.
He removed his helmet and let it fall onto the cave floor. 
"Damien, what are you doing?" asked Fred as Imogen's eyes widened in 
understanding.
The teenager stepped back, tears forming in his eyes.
"I love you Imogen. I love dad and I love mum - please tell them that."
"NO!" she screamed.
"You have to keep moving." he cried before turning around.
       Damien started to sprint in the opposite direction.
"NO!" Imogen yelled, letting go of Louise in favour of chasing her brother.
       Louise swayed for a few minutes before collapsing back onto the 
floor. Fred grabbed Imogen before she could move any further.
       "Your brother is doing this for us." he said. "He's giving us a 
chance that we can't afford to waste."
       Louise gazed up at the pair. She knew that the detective's words 
would have next to no effect on Imogen. It seemed that Etta could sense 
it too. The girl struggled in Fred's grip and broke away. There was a sound 
of a gunshot and Louise screamed at the loud thud that followed.
       "Relax pumpkin," said Etta. "it's only a tranquilizer."
	The old woman helped Louise to her feet and they started to run 
as fast as they could manage, Fred, who was now carrying Imogen, joined 
the pair. Jeremy followed, dragging the criminal with him. The external 
darkness passed them by in a blur, the sole focus of Louise's gaze was on 
the portion of light that led them through the cave back towards the 
portal. It wasn't far. The thought made her feel worse. For all the time she 
had been trapped, escape had not been impossible. 
	The ground rumbled and she nearly fell. Nobody asked what it 
was or what had caused such movement. It was merely the first explosion 
of many. They were lucky that it was mild. 
       "We can't stop." Etta reminded. 
       Louise was painfully aware of that fact. Metal might be attracted 
to Damien but his body would soon be obliterated. There would be 
nothing left to be attracted to.
	There was another explosion. It felt a lot closer. This time, Louise 
fell and was promptly helped up by her grandmother. She wanted to 
throw up. For the explosion to seem so close, part of Damien had to be 
near them. 
       Finally, the group reached the portal. Fred typed in the keypad 
numbers 999 but nothing happened. He typed them in again before 
turning to Etta, a look of panic present in his eyes.
       "Why won't it - "
"Bad signal." the old woman realised. "We're in a cave, underground."
       There was a third, more distant explosion. 
       "What do we do?" Louise asked.
"Keep trying." said Jeremy grimly.
	Fred continued to type the numbers into the keypad and the old 
woman drew out her mobile phone. Louise was surprised that she even 
had it with her.
       "What are you doing?" she asked.
"Trying to see if there's enough signal to call for help, dear. It worked 
before." Etta replied. 
       Louise stared at the phone. The bars kept fluctuating between 
high and low. Etta cursed.
       "It's the targeting software." she muttered. "It's interfering with 
the signal."
"What does that mean!?" Fred snapped.
Etta glanced up from the screen, a glare on her face.
"It means that every time something locks onto Damien the less chance 
we have of a working signal, dear!"
"We have to wait it out." Louise realised.
       Another explosion sounded. It was the nearest yet. Etta and 
Louise leant against the wall to regain their balance. Fred, who had 
Imogen slung over his shoulder, nearly dropped her as his trembling 
fingers assaulted the keypad again. Jeremy dropped Michael/Gary 
without a care in the world in order to regain his balance. The group 
winced collectively as their ears recovered from the momentary 
deafening. The ground rumbled again and a trickle of dust fell from the 
ceiling. They exchanged nervous glances. None of them knew how much 
pressure the cave would be able to withstand.
       "If this hill collapses Unison has to be evacuated." Etta gasped.
"We have to get out of here first." Jeremy muttered.
       Fred's fingers gained speed. Despite herself, Louise smiled.
"At least we've got the bastard." she said, glancing at Michael/Gary.
Etta chuckled and gripped Louise a little tighter.
"Happy birthday pumpkin."
	Another explosion rocked the cave. Louise squeezed her eyes shut 
as she heard the wall above her crack. She could hear large sections of 
rock starting to dislodge themselves from their foundations but then she 
felt herself being dragged. Light seemed to glow through her eyelids and 
suddenly she was encompassed by the sound of cheering. Louise opened 
her eyes. They stood in the police station and everyone was smiling at the 
group apart from Mr and Mrs Reed. Fred, who was looking rather peaky, 
started firing off orders.
	"Settling hill needs evacuating now. I want the entirety of Unison 
empty. Its structural foundations have been compromised." 
       Nobody stopped to ask him what right he had to give such orders. 
In that instant they understood the urgency of the situation only too well. 
Fred turned to Etta.
        "Take Louise to the medical room. It's just to your left - "
"I want to help evacuate!" the old woman argued. "Simon can help her."
Fred gritted his teeth. He knew better than to argue with her.
"Fine." He turned to her husband who still held Michael/Gary's shoulder. 
"Jeremy, take whoever he is to a cell."
       The old man nodded and began to drag Michael/Gary in the 
direction of grey bars. Mr and Mrs Reed approached their unconscious 
daughter simultaneously. Louise was surprised to note that Mr Renning 
was also with them. It took her several minutes to remember that he was 
Imogen's uncle.
       "What happened?" asked Katherine.
Her concerned eyes were focused on Imogen.
"It's just a tranquilizer -" Fred began.
"Tranquilizer!?" Mr Reed exclaimed.
The detective sighed.
"I'll explain in the medical room."
"You'll explain now! Where's my son?" Mr Reed boomed. 
Katherine's eyes widened.
"Why isn't he with you?"
"Please come with me to the medical room." Fred sighed.
	It was at this point that Etta went to open the closed portal that 
lay behind them. Louise swayed but felt the warmth of someone's hand in 
hers. She looked down. 
       "Happy birthday." said Simon, a sad smile on his face. 
He patted his lap and she instantly sat down on it. 
"I missed you." Louise sobbed.
"I missed you too." he replied. "You look exhausted."
       Louise shrugged. What did he expect?
       "How was the convention?" she asked.
"I wouldn't know." he replied.
She frowned.
"What?"
"I spent most of it trying to find a working Airportal that would take me 
back home." Simon explained.
"But -"
"But nothing." he said firmly. "My priorities are straight. Your safety and 
wellbeing is far more important than a bunch of psychologists getting 
together to discuss childhood issues." Louise smiled despite herself. "Plus, 
I met Asher Reeves!" Simon exclaimed, a note of glee in his voice. "So I 
didn't miss everything." 
       Louise laughed. Together, they wheeled through a portal into the 
medical room. She was almost blinded by the whiteness. The contrast to 
the cave was alarming. As her eyes adjusted she recognised the hospital 
emblem. Imogen was lying on a bed, still unconscious. Louise could tell 
from her parent's tearful, angry expressions that Fred had already told 
them the news. The realisation made her tears run a little faster. Damien 
was dead. 
       She barely registered the nurse tending to her head as she moved 
onto the white bed or Fred talking to a white coated woman in hushed 
tones (although she did hear mentions of a psychiatrist) but the warmth 
of the food she was offered, even if it didn't seem particularly pleasant, 
soothed her throat and settled her stomach somewhat. It was helped by 
the fact that her father was holding her hand, giving it a gentle squeeze. 
       For the moment Louise simply closed her eyes and tried not to 
think about anything. Exhausted by her experience in the cave, it didn't 
take her long to fall into a dreamless sleep. She was only awoken much 
later by the sound of hushed conversation.
       "He's delusional." said a voice calmly.
"I guessed as much, I was hoping for a more concrete diagnosis." a second 
voice whispered.
"Well, judging from the people I've had time to speak to, Gary was a 
decent enough boy but Michael was not. He took advantage of the Unison 
emergency teams."
"Again, I could've told you that." the second voice said impatiently. "I've 
done my research."
       Unperturbed, the first voice continued.
"He has what his mother had but with the side effect of dissociative 
identity disorder."
"You mean split personality?" asked the second voice. "Isn't that what 
schizophrenia is?"
"No. That's a common misconception. Dissociative identity disorder, in 
this case, seems to be a defence mechanism. It's usually a result of a 
traumatic experience and, judging by his lips, he's had a hell of a time."
There was a pause before the second voice replied.
"What do you mean?"
"Those stitches aren't his Scar. I've sent someone down there to see to 
them."
The second voice let out a pained sigh.
       "Are there any drugs he can be put on?"
"There's no medication that strictly treats that disorder. The best solution 
is some form of counselling. Support groups are a big help but for obvious 
reasons that might not be the best solution." The second person snorted. 
"Gary is a good person." the first voice continued. "He doesn't want to let 
his brother win. I've had a considerable amount of time to speak to him 
and I think he might have a trigger."
"Trigger?"
"Something specific that causes the personality switch."
"What is it?"
"Glass."
"Oh great! That's so easy to avoid!" the second voice exclaimed.
       The more impatient it became the easier it was to recognise. It 
was Fred. 
       "Don't ask me about my diagnosis if you don't want to know it." 
the first voice sighed.
       Louise opened her eyes. The detective stood by the door talking 
to a woman in a smart suit. They were talking about him. The teenager 
closed her eyes again. She just wanted to get the man out of her head 
but, naturally, she failed. Everything was all too present. She sighed and 
reopened her eyes. That was when she spotted her history teacher. He sat 
a couple of beds away from where she lay, beside Imogen. He could be a 
good distraction. 
       "Mr Renning?" she called. The weary teacher looked up in 
surprise but came over to her nonetheless. She glanced at her bedside 
and was pleased to note that her father was still there. "Dad, could you 
give us a minute?" 
       Simon nodded in confusion and wheeled over to Imogen's parents 
leaving Louise and her teacher together. She couldn't prevent herself 
from glancing after him at Imogen. 
       "I'm sorry for your loss." she said, thinking of her friend's brother 
almost instantly.
Greg nodded.
"Thank you."
"And - I know it's a bit late but I wanted to apologise for the way I spoke 
to you before." Louise explained. He frowned. "I'm sorry for the way I 
outed your Scar like that. It was cruel and not fair to you."
       The teacher smiled a little at the unexpected apology.
"Thank you." he repeated. "I've met children who act out before their 
Scarring; your birthday is this month, right?" Louise nodded. "I know the 
thought is scary but many people don't understand that a Scar, although 
sometimes unpleasant in itself, is an adaptation. It's a sign that you've 
lived and that you'll continue to do so. It's a sign of maturity if nothing 
else."
        Louise glanced down at her hands. She should have her Scar by 
now. She wondered how it had manifested itself. Greg sighed.
        "Are you familiar with the story of Wet Luck?"
She nodded.
"Yes, you mean the Teardrop." There was a brief silence. "Remind me." 
Louise added, open to the comfort of such a familiar fairytale.
       "Rosalie lost her eye from her Scarring and her family by 
extension but, after a certain amount of crying, it only made her stronger. 
The tears from her barely functional, damaged eye contained impressive 
power. Wherever they fell, life and love grew. She didn't drown in her 
sorrow, she was comforted by it and the tears drew people to her; they 
formed emotional bonds between her and nature. Her old family had cast 
themselves out but she quickly made herself a new one. A family to last." 
he recited.
Louise smiled. 
"You learnt that."
Greg shrugged.
"It's a good story and it has a happy ending."
Louise's tearful smile grew into a large grin.
       "I guess I'm looking forward to finding out what my Scar is."


The End

Hazel Meades